 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Wave Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Tehan and this is Arno on the 36th of September 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So the Ballotrix upgrade just went live on the Ethereum Beacon chain about half an hour ago from time of recording here, which means next up is the mainnet merge, which is going to be happening in I think around 9 to 10 days. Obviously with TTD it's hard to estimate, but the Ballotrix upgrade itself went through amazingly. We only had about a 5% drop off in participation rate as you can see here, from the epics that followed after 144896. You can see that about 5% of validators dropped off, which is an amazing result because as you'll know from the testnets, we had much more than that drop off, right? I think with Girld we had like 40% drop off or something. But given this is mainnet, given there is real money on the line, people are much more attentive here. And you can already see the participation rate going back up. You can see at the epic that Ballotrix activated here at 896, it was, well sorry, I should say 897, it's 94.49%. And then just a couple of or a few epics later, we're back up to around 96.1% here on 901. So that should go back up to over 99% as we've kind of like saw normally, you know, prior to the Ballotrix upgrade and everything should be fine then. So all in all, a really, really great upgrade here. And now the Beacon chain is ready for the merge. So really we're just waiting for TTD to happen now. And then the merge transition will go through, as I said, around nine to 10 days for that to happen. Now I wanted to go through a little bit of things with you guys with regards to, I guess, things like participation rate, how the mainnet merge can go wrong and things like that, because I've been seeing a lot of questions being asked about this. So what I mean by participation rate here is you can see this number on my screen. This is basically the percentage of the validators that these validators, right? The 421,509 active validators that are actively attesting to blocks. Now, obviously it's never going to be a hundred percent. It would be very rare for it to be a hundred percent because there is always going to be someone offline here or there or something happening here or there, right? But most of the time it has been 99.7%, which is a huge amount considering how many validators there are. Now this drops off for a number of different reasons. As I said, if someone goes offline, that means that after a few miss attestations, depending on how the Beacon Chain Explorer counts it, they wouldn't be part of this participation rate that is here now, right? That would be kind of like marked as offline because they aren't actively attesting to blocks and they aren't actively participating in the network anymore. Obviously, if you're slashed and you're kind of getting exited from the Beacon Chain, you're not exited at time of slashing, you go into the queue and then you exit after that. But I think being offline is really the biggest thing when it comes to participation rate. People just go offline for a number of different reasons, maybe misconfiguration, their internet goes offline, their power has gone out, right? There's plenty of reasons why someone would go offline. And that's actually why the penalty for going offline is very low, right? Like for example, if you're offline for a day and then you're online for the next day, your rewards would net out to zero. You just basically make back all the eat that you lost for that day that you've been offline in the next day that you're online. So it does scale kind of like quadratically from there. If you are offline at the same time as a bunch of other people are offline, well, then you may end up losing more because the network could view that as an attack. A scenario where this might happen is if there's a client that has a bug, say you're running one of the clients that maybe has 10% share of the network and all of a sudden has a bug in it which sends all of them offline or sends all of them onto the wrong chain head. Well, then you may end up losing more eat because of that because the network sees that and like, okay, well, there's a quadratic inactivity leak that kicks in there. So there are a bunch of different reasons for that. These kind of like things can happen here. But as I said, the fact that we only lost about 5% of validators after a major network upgrade such as Ballotrix is a very, very positive sign. Now, in terms of how this can play out on main net and how things can go wrong post merge, right? Once the merge transition goes through, I'm obviously expecting some people to fall off for some reason, right? There are, as I explained, there are many different reasons why people fall off. I don't expect us to have 100% or near 100% participation rate immediately post merge. But because this is main net, because there is more money on the line, I expect it to be fixed relatively quickly. Now, people have been asking me, you know, what is the worst case scenario that could happen through the merge transition that would, you know, lead to a quote unquote failed merge. There's actually only one situation that I can think of and that really is that for some reason, the merge transition itself across all clients just failed catastrophically. It just didn't happen, right? The chain just halted, no blocks were being produced at all, everyone was confused about what the chain head was and we didn't come to consensus or anything. That would be, from my understanding, the worst case scenario which would require obviously coordinated human intervention to either roll back to the proof of work chain or to a proof of work consensus mechanism or to fix whatever the issue is there. Now, the chances of that happening are basically 0% in my eyes. It's always, you know, possible that it could happen, but it's more about what's probable. I don't expect that to happen. What I do expect to happen or at least is more likely to happen is that we have a big participation drop-off. Now, I don't expect a big participation drop-off, maybe a small one like 5% as we've seen here, maybe 10%. I don't even know if it'll be that big because of the fact that there's real money on the line. But the worst case scenario in that would be, you know, enough validators going offline. Well, actually, I should say there's two kind of like bad scenarios there. Enough validators falling offline that we stop finalizing. So that would mean that 33%, I believe, or 34% of validators would have to fall offline for us to stop finalizing. And then for the chain to halt altogether, I believe that would happen if there was less than 33% of the network online. The chain would just stop producing blocks. I think that. So there are different thresholds there. Now, for that to happen, I mean, like that's crazy. It would require, because we fixed the client diversity on the consensus layer side, it would require, I believe, both Prism and Lighthouse to just be offline off the network for that many validators to be offline at once, right? And then on the execution layer side, it would probably just require Geth, I believe. So obviously not as great there. And that's why a catastrophic bug in Geth wouldn't be great post-merge. And catastrophic, I mean, like a critical bug, like a consensus-breaking bug that sends Geth off onto its own fork or something like that. So that's really the only things that people should really be, not, I wouldn't say concerned about, but should be aware of. Because at the end of the day, a failed merge is actually a very hard thing to do. The Beacon Chain is self-healing. It's very, very resilient. It can recover from these sorts of things. And we've seen it recover from some pretty shitty situations, such as the Girly Testnet merge, which actually saw the chain not finalizing for a few epics there because of the fact that we had that massive drop-off. But that quickly rectified itself. And that's a testnet. I don't expect that to play out on Mainnet. And as we've just seen, 5% only fell off during the Bellatrix upgrade, which is a very, very good result there. And the chain just keeps chugging along. We're finalizing. Everything's fine. This is on the real Beacon Chain. This is not a testnet. This is Mainnet Beacon Chain. So in terms of protecting yourself from these sorts of things, I mean, if you want to be 100% protected, the only thing you're actually going to be able to do is not have any assets on Ethereum at all. And that would mean selling your assets for, I don't know, some other crypto asset or real dollars, not stablecoins, right? Because the stablecoins are on Ethereum, of course. Like real actual dollars on an exchange. Because this is a consensus level change. The merge changes from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake. It affects the entire chain, but it doesn't affect all the individual apps or anything like that. Like it's a consensus change, which means that the only thing it's doing is swapping out proof-of-work for proof-of-stake. So if you have ETH in Aave or ETH in Maker or ETH in some other smart contract, it doesn't matter. If something was to go wrong with the merge, it would affect every single contract equally. It doesn't have any preference or doesn't affect any contract specifically differently to any other one out there, because there's just nothing being changed on that side of things. So if you want to protect yourself from, I don't know, any chance of anything going wrong, you just don't want to be part of any potential mess, then the only thing you can do is not hold any assets on Ethereum at all. On like on-chain at all, you would have to just basically go to dollars. Now, obviously that is not a workable solution for a lot of people, because doing that would incur a lot of taxable events. So at the end of the day, you should just chill. Like there's not really anything else that you should do. As I've said before, end users aren't going to feel anything different. If the merge goes through successfully as we expect it will, then the only thing end users may feel is that slightly faster block time of 12 seconds instead of 13 seconds. But really, I don't really think people are going to even notice that. So just chill. And if you want to take advantage or try to take advantage of any of the Ethereum proof of work forks, look, I've talked about these before. Really, at the end of the day, like the way to take advantage of it is just to have ETH in your own Ethereum address, and then you'll get like the fork tokens on the other chain, and then you can do whatever you want with that. But I've said before how I believe that this is potentially dangerous, something that doesn't really, that probably won't be as profitable as you think it will, and might be worth more hassle than the money you'll get from it. But it's up to you what you want to do with that. I'm not going to be putting out any guides on how to take advantage of that or anything like that. I have warned before that, as I said, it's potentially dangerous due to the risk of replay attacks and things like that. But at the end of the day, that's up to you to do that. So yeah, I expect the merge transition to go through smoothly. We've done it so many times. And I mentioned yesterday how shadow fork 12 went through perfectly. The clients all seem to be working very, very well together. And if you're worried about being on a majority client well then you should be running minority clients, right? You shouldn't be running Geth, you should be running one of the other execution layer clients. And on the consensus layer side, if you're really worried, then you shouldn't be running Prism or Lighthouse, you should be running one of the other consensus layer clients on there as well. But yeah, hopefully that gives a more in-depth overview of what risks are associated with the merge, what can go wrong, what's likely to happen, what's not likely to happen. All in all, the merge is going to be a smooth transition, I believe. I don't think there's going to be anything catastrophic happening here. And I'm just like so pumped for it. I mean, I typed out my tweet before about the tweet that I showed at the start here about Palatrix going live. And I said, wow, the merge is actually happening in less than nine days, right? That's just stupidly close. I mean, I don't know what else to say. I've said this so many times, I'm not going to rehash myself here, but that is really stupidly close now. So we are in the end game, we're almost home, and I'm very, very excited about that. But yeah, I'm going to leave that one at that. Beacon Chain is the main website I use to keep track of all these sorts of stuff. But there's also Beacon Scan. So it has various statistics around the Beacon Chain itself, such as active validators, the current and finalized epics, the transaction, sorry, not the transactions, the pending validators, the participation rate. And obviously, post-merge will have things like, well, I mean, they'll have kind of like a ETA scan and Beacon Scan you can kind of look at for different layers here. So yeah, these are the two sites that I mainly use if you want to keep up with what's happening on the Beacon Chain or the consensus layer side itself. And as you can see here, Adrian Sutton explained that we only lost 5% of the validators up the Bellatrix fork, as I explained, and Terrence has a nice picture of the Bellatrix upgrade going through. And you see on the bottom, it says ready for the merge, which I saw on my staking box, I actually watched it happen live. I was staring at my command line and I'm just like, yep, yep. Oh, there it is, there's Bellatrix, right? And then it said ready for the merge and I'm like, I am so ready for the merge. Like, I know how you feel, little command line. So that went through there. But yeah, that's all the merge updates. I think they're very, very successful Bellatrix upgrade. And yeah, less than nine days until the mainnet merge. Obviously, there is the mainnet merge call that I'll be doing with Ethstaker and the Bankless guys. And I don't, like nine days from now, I think it's a weekend. So maybe I won't be doing a refill on the mainnet merge day. But maybe I'll have to do a special one if it falls on the weekend, just like a special refill to celebrate the merge. But anyway, it's coming very, very soon. I'm super excited, of course. And yeah, that's all on the merge. But there is one other thing here from ProtoLambda. He just shared a screenshot of a message that he put into a Discord channel here, where he said, some anon who I respect very much commented about block building slash TWOP oracle abuse slash centralization of DeFi data providers, the pessimistic view of post-merge Ethereum. Yes, it's bad. No, not net negative. Don't drop the ball now if the merge is not your main quest. So basically, what he's saying here is that because of the fact that the proposers are known ahead of time in proof of stake Ethereum, there is a possibility of multi-block MEV, which I've discussed before on the refill. And I've also discussed all of the solutions that are coming to mitigate, if not eliminate all of that, such as Proposer PBS, more censorship resistance, such as CR lists, Verkle trees, EVM improvements, and all these sorts of stuff. And that's what ProtoLambda is saying here, is basically that the merge is going to free up a lot of resources for these other upgrades that have been put on the back burner, because the merge was such a monumental undertaking that really nothing else on the core development side could be focused on in any real capacity. But now that the merge is less than nine days away, we're going to be moving towards that, especially when it comes to MEV. Because look, multi-block MEV, the reason why it can get bad is not just TWOP oracle abuse or manipulation. So TWOP stands for Time-Waited Average Price. And basically, a TWOP oracle is an oracle that takes the time-weighted average price over multiple kind of blocks and uses that as an oracle price. But the reason multi-block MEV can get quite bad is because you could end up in a world where people or I guess like stakers reorging the chain, or at least attempting to reorg the chain, at least before finalization in order to capture MEV. Now, this has been discussed before. It is extremely hard to do. It can be extremely costly to do. It is not something that is exactly feasible. And it's probably not something that we're going to see play out live. But as MEV continues to grow, as maybe the bull market heats up again, and we get more value coming back into the market from I guess like regular users and things like that, and more MEV opportunities popping up, this could become more of an issue. But I think with the solutions that have been worked on for some time, such as PBS and others, we're not going to be in like existential crisis mode ever. I don't really think that at all. I think some people sometimes make it out as if we're close to that reality, but I don't think so at all personally. I mean, I obviously am not an expert here, but from the smart people that I've spoken to and from the things that I've seen, everyone seems very, very optimistic about the future and about solving these issues at the kind of like consensus layer here. And it's not something that we should quote unquote delay the merge for. Because realistically, if we were to delay the merge in order to get all of these upgrades live to potentially defend against something that potentially could happen or had like a low probability of happening, it would realistically lead to probably a 12 plus month delay of the merge, which is untenable at this point. There is no way or there is no reality where that's going to happen. So we're going to go through with it. Yes, there's probably an increased risk and some centralization risks around there with MEV, but it is not something that is a death knell for Ethereum. It is not something that is unknown and not being worked on. It's just something that we have to work through and get these upgrades live, which as Proto says here is much more, I guess, likely to happen now that the merge is finished. Because if the merge being finished frees up all these resources to work on these other upgrades. All right, so Summer Esad is out with his supplementary guide to staking on Ethereum for existing stakers. I think I highlighted this a couple of weeks ago, but Danny Ryan basically shared this again today. You should definitely go check this out if you're an existing solo stake. I just wanted to remind you guys again here on how to get set up. I mean, at this point, if you haven't followed these guides, the network would have kicked you off if you hadn't upgraded. You've already been scrambling to get your validators back online. But even if you are a new staker, you should go check out Summer Esad's guides here, if you're a new solo staker, because they're linked in the supplementary guide. So I just wanted to highlight that once again for all of you, because I know that there's probably going to be new solo stakers coming online, especially post-merge, given that there is now going to be MEV opportunities with MEV boost, because the execution layer is now part of the consensus, sorry, the execution layer has been merged in with the beacon chain, and there's also going to be a bump up from the unburnt fear of renews in APR. So we could actually see, including MEV, the current reward is I think just over 4% for each staking. We could see 6-7%, and depending on how crazy the fear of renew gets, even higher than that post-merge, I expect that to come down because more people are going to stake. Like there's no way in hell that the staking yield for ETH is going to stay at 6%. Like that's just absolutely not going to happen. People are going to buy ETH and stake for that. That's a 6% ETH denominated yield. That's crazy, especially if the ETH price is going up, people are going to get bullish, they're going to want to stake. And they're probably going to want to solo stake, because of the fact that solo staking can, I mean solo staking probably is going to be the most profitable way to stake, in terms of just pure ETH denominated yield, but there are other ways. I mean, Rockerpool obviously has their own incentives, and there's going to be other staking providers with their own incentives as well. But all in all, I do think we're going to see an uptick in solo stakers too, and if that is you, you can definitely follow some of ESAT's guides here on how to do that. All right, so Aztec Network is out with a fresh thread today about how to get fixed yield on a stablecoin using Aztec's Element Finance integration, which offers fixed yields up to 40 times cheaper than Mainnet. So you can check this thread out, I'll link it in the YouTube description below. I believe I've highlighted Element Finance being live on Aztec before, and Aztec's private DeFi layer, and how you can tap into Layer 1 liquidity and do all your transactions on Aztec privately. And I know obviously privacy has come under scrutiny, Ethereum related privacy has come under scrutiny over the last few months, with the Tenedecash staff and also Aztec implementing some controls into their own layer here. But you can still use these things, you can still use them privately, and you should definitely do so, you should definitely go play around with them. There is no sanctions on Aztec or anything like that, right, so you can play around with it without worrying about interacting with someone, something that's been sanctioned. You know, if they actually did sanction Aztec, I'd be very surprised. I think, I mean, I talked about this a lot already on the previous refills about Tenedecash and stuff, so I'm not going to rehash here, but I think that the privacy stuff kind of has taken a back seat over the last maybe two weeks since it all died down. But, you know, the tornado cache dev has still been arrested, right, there is still a lot of question marks around what these sanctions on tornado cache actually mean for block producers and things like that, so it's an ongoing thing. But in the meantime, you can still use Aztec network, I mean, you can still use tornado cache if you wanted to, but you'd be breaking sanctions if you're a US citizen, but it's immutable, it's still on there, so you can still use it, but Aztec hasn't been sanctioned or anything like that, so you won't be taking any risks there, and you can use it with Element Finance. So, yeah, you should definitely go check this out, I'll link the thread in the YouTube description below for you to do so. All right, so this is what I wanted to highlight here, but I'm going to do that at last. So, NOSIS Safe has rebranded to just Safe now, so this new brand comes, I guess, on the launch of the, I should follow them, on the launch of their token, or at least kind of like their, I don't think the token has launched yet, but their distribution details that were posted, I think a couple of weeks ago that I talked about on the refill here. So definitely go follow the new account at Safe, which they used to be at NOSIS Safe, now they're at Safe. I think because they've spun out of NOSIS, they're kind of just doing the rebranding here, and they've got a new logo and everything like that, so cool to see that branding all come together. Now, NOSIS Safe, or should I say Safe, is still the biggest multi-sig on Ethereum by far. I don't know what's going to happen with the token, like tokens are so hard to comment on, like I avoid commenting on tokens on the refill for obvious reasons, but just generally whenever someone asks me, I kind of have the same opinion of like every token in crypto, and every coin in crypto. My overarching like thesis on these things, and maybe I'm going a little bit off track here, but it may be interesting, is that the things that have the attention are the things that seem to do well over the long term. Now, if you look at the top 10 on Queen Gecko, which isn't very pretty, and I've got it here in front of me, you can't see it on my screen, but the top 10 excluding stablecoins is BTC, ETH, BNB, ADA, XRP, SOL, DOT, Doge and SHIB, and I think Matic is in there excluding the stablecoins, yeah. So what do all these things have in common? Well, the thing that they all have in common is that, like they've got attention all the time. I mean, BTC and ETH, there's no question there, they are always on people's mind, people are always talking about them. BNB may be an exception, because I don't see many people talking about it, but BNB is both tied to the largest crypto exchange in the world, and also tied to the largest AltL1, and I think BNB's value is closely controlled and protected by Binance, considering the supply is so concentrated, so it is a bit of an outlier there. ADA, which is Cardano, I mean, as much as I think Cardano is a joke, it has so much attention, there are so many people that still follow it, still pay attention to it, same with XRP, which just puzzles me as to why, but there it is. Solana, same deal, I think the general consensus right now is that Solana is the top non-EVM AltL1, at least in terms of the sentiment that I've seen. And then you have Polkadot, which doesn't have as much attention, but I think Polkadot is there as a momentum thing, like over time there was a lot of hype for it, it's kind of like zombified, and it keeps just falling down the rankings here. So yeah, that's another maybe an outlier there, but then you look at Dogecoin, obviously Stor has a lot of attention, and just generally has a lot of attention. Shib, same thing, it puzzles me as to why, but especially from retail investors, they love this sort of stuff. Obviously Polygon gets a lot of attention, and then you can kind of look through the rest of them, but it's kind of funny, because you even look at, like if you're just ranking by market cap, there are other things you have to take into consideration as well, such as the fact that things have a kind of momentum and stickiness behind them. For example, XRP, I don't think there's actually many large holders that are selling besides the Ripple Foundation themselves. I think the large holders are pretty much just exchanges with all these little fishes on there that don't really put a dent in the market cap. So the market cap is not going to really move down all too much, because I believe the Ripple Foundation sells slowly over time, and they're probably selling OTC in a very controlled way. And that's not to say that OTC doesn't hit the market, but it seems that they've got like a very stickiness to them, where they don't really... Like as the same with BNB, where the supply is quite controlled. And then the other ones out here like Doge, just been around for so long, just seems to be very relevant. A lot of the coins are lost, so the market cap, like just because a lot of the coins are lost, the market cap is inflated because of that. Same with SHIB, I mean that's an obvious one too, that no one ever expected it to do what it did. And then there are many like this, I mean like Ethereum, Classic, right, for example, Litecoin, like there's just things that have had a lot of momentum behind them. But in terms of the top 10 itself, most of it is just based on attention, and also based on I guess like supply dynamics and concentration of supply there. But as I said, I don't like to comment too much on these sorts of things, because you could debate this forever basically. But generally my view on things is that the tokens, there's thousands of them, right, they all have to compete with each other, and they're all competing with each other for attention. And at the end of the day, there is only a finite amount of investor capital out there, and whatever they don't put into that, you know, one token they put into another means that that token didn't get that money. So for example, if people put all their money into ETH and not into BTC, well, that is a net loss to BTC. And I know it's weird for some people to think about that, and some people disagree with me on this line of thinking. But at the end of the day, like if more people put money into ETH instead of BTC, then ETH is going to outperform BTC. That's just a simple math of it. And I think they've been saying that over the last few months especially. But yeah, I think that applies to basically everything in crypto, and especially over the longer term. It's also about like what money gets kept in that, and how fast people are to dump it. Like with BTC and ETH, they're much slower to dump those things than they are to dump other things because of the risk curve as well, and the riskiness associated with them. But over the long term, it really is an attention game. There are things from 2017 and 2018 that were extremely hyped up, and with the like the talk of the entire industry, and now they don't even register in like the top one to 300 on CoinGecko, right? So and that's because they lost the attention game, and they lose the attention game, they lose their user base, they lose people wanting to build on the move for the first time. If they're a layer one or something like that, and the project just fails. So I think attention plays an extremely important part. Maybe this is a tangent. I started talking about NOSIS SAFE, yeah now I'm talking about different token dynamics. But I think it's something to consider on something very important that you should definitely think about, and maybe incorporate into your own investing strategy. But that's not investment advice, it's just the way I think about things. And I think that if you look at the proof is in the pudding really. It's ETH and BTC outperform pretty much everything over the long term, because they have the most attention. But that's only one facet of it. I'm not saying that it's only attention, but I think attention is a big one, because if things don't have attention, then no one really wants to be involved with it. The price kind of like stagnates, people keep selling and the price keeps going down, and then it kind of leads to this negative spiral where they lose lose more attention, and all that sorts of stuff there. But yeah, I'm gonna leave it at that. Definitely go follow the SAFE Twitter account here, because I think they'll be tweeting from SAFE, instead of NOSIS SAFE going forward. All right, last up here, I have something that I forgot to shout out the other day, or at least I maybe I did shout it out, which is a fresh video from Bankless, and this one comes from David Hoffman himself, about the Ethereum merge. And this is a normie or noob friendly video about the Ethereum merge that you can share with people that may still not be understanding what exactly the Ethereum merge is. So I'll link this in the YouTube description for you to share this. I thought it was a really great video. You should definitely go watch it as well. It's not too long, and I thought they would do a really great job here. But I'll link it below for you. But on that note, that's gonna be it for today. So thank everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.