 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligay Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Stanton Sosano and today is the 8th of March 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So, we have a new merge update today. So Parathosh here put out a tweet saying, after four days of proof of work, merge DevNet 5, which I mentioned the other day, hit TTD today. The chain continued finalizing post-TTD as expected. This means the merge was successful. We ran a few zombie miners, miners ran older versions that don't know about TTD just continue mining post-TTD. No issues were found and then he continued by saying, we should be releasing information about the Kill'n testnet in the next few days. So, this is a big deal because, as I mentioned before, this kind of like DevNet was to happen before. The next kind of like testnet was to be spun up, which is Kill'n, which is hopefully going to be the last testnet. And if all goes well with the Kill'n testnet, then we will have a kind of like mainnet window, I would say. Which is super exciting, right? I mean, the hilarious thing is that so many people talked about the merge for the last few months and then the market went quiet and we had way less people in the ecosystem and then people went quiet about it. But obviously, I've been talking about it every other day. I've been talking about the effects it's going to have, everything that's coming down the pipeline with regards to it and keeping you guys updated because there's still, I mean, as I've said, I've said this plenty of times, I'm not going to repeat myself again, going through it too much again, but there is still all this work happening in the background whether you're paying attention or not. So, very, very cool to see that there were no issues found on the DevNet 5. And as I said, if there are no issues found on the Kill'n testnet, then we're going to have a mainnet window, which, you know, as I've mentioned plenty of times, June is kind of like the target, could happen in July. But if it happens around then, that's just absolutely massive, right? That's a huge kind of like vote of confidence for Ethereum's ability to ship and ship major upgrades with kind of like no issues attached to them. You know, not to mention all the downstream effects from that. So, very, very excited for all of that. And yeah, keep an eye out or keep an ear out for the Kill'n testnet details, which I will be covering once they're released in the next few days. All right, so some news out of Bloomberg today that says, President Joe Biden is set to sign an executive order this week that will outline the US government's strategy for cryptocurrencies. Now, for those who don't know, this has been in the works for quite a while. This is not an overnight thing. This is not a thing that's in kind of like in response to the stuff happening in Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions and all that sort of stuff. This, I remember hearing about this a while ago, but it seems the Biden administration is ready to sign and this executive, at least Joe, is ready to sign this executive order. And I think this can be a good thing. People expect this to be a bad thing. They think crypto is going to get so heavily regulated and it's going to be really, really shitty. And, you know, everyone's going to kind of like lose their money because crypto is going to dump. I don't think that's the case, guys. I think what's going to happen is that this should give us more regulatory clarity, which will actually be better for the bigger players in the ecosystem and give them more clarity and make it just clearer about what can and can't be done, especially within the US where obviously a lot of, especially DeFi teams based in the US, are really scared of regulators. So scared, in fact, that they won't even airdrop tokens to US citizens anymore, which is just crazy, right? So if this executive order can basically reverse that trend and make it so that US people are treated the same as kind of like anyone else or same as most people, obviously, there are still a lot of countries excluded from things due to sanctions anyway. You know, obviously, like North Korea and Russia and all that sort of stuff. But US is normally lumped in with those types of countries. And it's just crazy. Whenever I see the list of banned countries from things, and it lists the United States and North Korea, I'm just like, what the hell? And like, obviously, there's a bunch of Middle Eastern countries in there as well. And I just think, you know, this is just very, very weird. I'm obviously not trying to get political here, but obviously, the US is really, as far as I know, the only first world developed nation, especially the only kind of like developed superpower that suffers from these sorts of things, especially for their own citizens. Like, there are teams in the US doing tokens and aren't airdropping the token to their US users or investors or anything like that, which is obviously very, very crazy. So I'm looking forward to seeing what this is. As I said, I think it's going to be a positive. I don't think it's going to be a negative. We have a lot of people in our kind of like court here, especially in the arena of the political arena. Because if you think about it, think about all the US based funds, the billion dollar funds that have massive skin in the game to make sure that this industry doesn't become over regulated. There's not bad regulations put in place. But not just that, there are think tanks like Coin Center that do a lot of great work and they have the funding to do that as well. They've been given a lot of money recently, which is cool to see. There's a bunch of others out there. I mean, there's no kind of like shortfall of money here. And people in crypto are getting more involved with politics as well. So as I said, I think this is going to be a positive. I don't foresee this being a negative, but we're going to have to see how it shakes out. Maybe it happens this week, as they said. Maybe it doesn't happen until next week, obviously. You know, Biden has a lot more on his mind than this sort of stuff. But we'll see. If it happens this week, all the better. All right. So Immutable has announced an absolutely massive raise of $200 million in a serious C funding round, which values Immutable at a $2.5 billion valuation here. Now, this is big for multiple reasons, obviously, but I want to just disclose here that I am an investor in Immutable. I didn't invest in this round, but I invested in their Series A round, which was a little while ago now. But yeah, just a disclaimer there. So obviously, I have some skin in the game. But essentially, I think this is a big deal. Firstly, it's another layer 2 scalability project for Ethereum getting massive funding. You know, always a good thing. Secondly, it's got a bunch of investors that haven't actually invested in crypto before, such as Tencent. As far as I know, Tencent hasn't invested in crypto before, especially not in the kind of like NFT gaming area, which is huge because Tencent is an absolutely massive company. They're massive in the video game industry, and they're doing a lot of investments there, but they're kind of like making their way into crypto now. And there's a bunch of kind of like other investors here. These are the typical investors you'll see in these later rounds, like the Series B, Series C, Series D sort of thing, because they have, you know, a lot, a lot of money. And they're not the funds that kind of like take the early risk, or at least majority of their funds don't take the early risk of the seed and the Series As and stuff like that. But then you can see some other investors here like Alameda Research, which was disappointing to see. As you guys know, Alameda is FTX's thing, and they're big on the Solana ecosystem. So it's always bizarre to me that they, one, invest in layer 2s on Ethereum when they're all in on Solana, and two, the fact that these kind of like teams kind of give them the allocation. And, you know, it could happen for any reason out there. I don't think it's like bearish for Immutable that they got money from Alameda, just like I don't think it's bearish for Starkware, but yeah, just kind of like the way it is at these kind of like levels here. But anyway, very, very cool to see this. Obviously, Immutable is, you know, kicking tons of goals. They're scaling NFTs. They're doing a lot of great stuff there. I know people have been kind of like complaining about the token price. I can't comment on that as I have obviously a direct conflict of interest there. But yeah, I mean, you know, just checking out the pricing that it's kind of like being down only for a while is unfortunate. But I think that's just the sign of both, you know, the kind of like the marketing general and the fact that it's a riskier investment, right, end of the day. But as I said, I'm not going to go into detail on that due to my conflicts of interest there. And the last thing I wanted to kind of like discuss about this, not particularly the raise, but just like Immutable in general, is that when I look at kind of teams and projects in crypto, I look at the ones that have been like...and kind of like rank them and look at them and kind of like try to figure out which ones are, you know, long-term, kind of like sustainable, going to be around long-term, going to be around no matter if it's bear or bull market. And, you know, Immutable is one of those companies, one of those projects. Because if you track Immutable's history back, they've been around for quite a while now. You know, four-ish years, I think, probably, or maybe more than that. And they've been building all that time, and they haven't given up on their projects. They're still building Gods Unchained, which has been, you know, they're basically their earliest project. They've been building Immutable X for quite a while now. They're obviously raising large funding rounds to keep doing that. They're hiring like crazy. They're onboarding a lot of the traditional gaming space into the NFT ecosystem. And they're doing this through, as I said, bull or bear. And that's what I look at. And, you know, at the kind of like other side of things, though, is that there are projects out there who kind of seem to like feign as if they're still building, or they're kind of like faking it. And this is true for a lot of the 2017-era projects that their projects are dead. They're zombie projects. They completely failed. They found no product market fit. It's better just to kind of like kill them off and stop wasting your time. But obviously, given that they have tokens, there's a bit of conflicting things there. Maybe they feel an obligation to token holders to drive value back to the token, or maybe they don't want to kind of like have regulators after them if they basically say, oh, well, it failed and, you know, our project's over. And then kind of like the token goes to zero. And then everyone just kind of like blames them and, you know, sends lawsuits their way and things like that. There are obviously a multitude of reasons here. But don't mistake projects building for a while as being a good project. Like my point is that, you know, there are projects that have been building for a while that are seeing lots of success. But there are also a lot of projects that have been building since 2017 or even 2016 or earlier that are complete and, you know, objective failures. And they really should just like, you know, stop beating the dead horse and stop. But a lot of them don't for the variety of reasons. Some of them I just outlined there. But anyway, absolutely massive raise from Unible. Congrats to them on this. Curious to see what they do with this money and who else they onboard into the crypto ecosystem. And speaking of, I guess, like funding rounds for layer 2, Polina had an interesting tweet today where they said, just two Starkex application-specific volitions have now raised close to $1 billion. Makes you question narratives from the Alt-L1 mania a few months ago. Smart contract chains devour application-specific chains. VCs will only fund Alt-L1s and L1s are most valuable. FPT. And then Polina goes on to say in another tweet, in reality, app-specific roll-ups, volutions are far and away the most efficient solutions. Not all applications, scenarios and users require synchronicity like DeFi. VCs will throw money at the kitchen sink. Applications accrue most value exception monetary premium. I've been banging on about this stuff for a while. For you regular refuel listeners out there, you will know exactly what I mean. But I want to address each of these points just like specifically here because I think it's interesting. So there is a lot of, I guess, or was a lot of belief that smart contract chains would make app-specific chains completely obsolete and wouldn't make any sense. And then people would argue and say, well, no, that's not going to happen. You know, we have Cosmos, we have Polkadot, they're doing app-specific chains. It's going to be good. But my thesis was that app-specific chains need to be done at layer two. I don't think that it makes sense for an app to have to worry about its own sovereignty. And by that, I mean spinning up its own validator set. Because it is wildly inefficient, it is hard, and it takes focus away from actually just building the app at the end of the day. So that's why I've always been bearish on the Cosmos and Polkadot models and really bullish on Ethereum plus L2 model. Even if those L2s aren't generalized, they're just app-specific. Obviously, DYDX and Immutable are kind of like proving that out, and there are going to be other projects out there as well that prove that out. I mean, Loop, Ring, Diversify, they're all proving it out that the model works. And then Polina says VCs will only fund Alt-L1s. There's another narrative out there. Of course, they're not only going to fund Alt-L1s, guys. They have billions of dollars. They've got to throw it at the kitchen sink, as Polina said. But also, I think a lot of these VCs, I mean, the way they operate is that they obviously have to spread out their bets, right? They can't just like go all in on one investment and that's it because that's just not how a VC firm operates, and that's just not how VC works generally. So they're spreading their bets out. But there are some VCs out there that get it, right? They don't just kind of like do the spray-and-pray approach. They actually get that the modular approach to scalability, especially within Ethereum and its layer two ecosystem, is obviously very, very healthy. And then Polina's third point that L1s will be the most valuable or are the most valuable. I've talked about this plenty of times in the review. I think that there are very, very few L1 tokens that are going to be valuable long-term. ETH, obviously. BTC, I mean, you could argue... I personally don't think BTC is going to be super valuable long-term, especially once ETH flips it. But you could argue that it's obviously going to be more valuable than most of the other kind of like layer one chains out there. But yeah, I just don't think long-term a lot of these L1 tokens are going to hold their value, especially not against ETH. Because at the end of the day, ETH has natural demand. ETH has natural use cases. ETH is an amazing asset. And ETH is kind of like a shelling point for the ecosystem, especially on the smart contract side. So yeah, I mean, the thing is there are a lot of these, I guess, VCs and funds, they're able to get in on these L1 tokens really early on. And you can obviously make a lot of money. A lot of the early investors on Avalanche and Terra and Solana made a lot. But at the same time, those were available at public markets too, and you could have made a lot there too. But it's all well and good to make a lot. But what a lot of people end up doing is that they'll make the money, but then they'll just keep holding. They won't actually take profits. And then over time, these things just kind of like bleed out, especially during bear markets. I mean, you go look at some of these charts. I believe Solana is down 70% from its all-time high. Avax is down 50%. Terra is faring a bit better, but I think that's just because they raised money recently. So I'm not sure what's going to happen there. And as I've said before to you guys, I don't view Terra as similar to Ethereum really. They're doing kind of like one thing or at least one ecosystem of things. We just sent it around their stablecoin obviously. But you go and look at the others like Phantom, for example, that's just completely destroyed, especially against ETH. And all these other ones, like kind of like Nia, Adam, they're all just kind of like bleeding out because the market can't sustain that many. And people are just not interested in holding those sorts of things, especially because they know that there's not natural demand for them. They're just narrative trades. So yeah, I totally agree with Polio here that the narrative of L1s being the most valuable is not true for like most L1s out there. And as Polio says, except for the ones with the monetary premium, which is exactly what ETH and BTC have at current time, I am not convinced there'll be any other smart contract platforms that will be able to accrue monetary premium for their native asset. I think that there's only going to be one or two and the currently only is two. Maybe there is only one in the future, but two I think will sustain for a while. But I don't view any of these other ones being able to kind of like get up to that level basically. All right, so I guess I think the rest of the refill is going to be about layer twos guys. So a bunch of exciting layer two news today. First out of Argent. So now their layer two kind of like account and features is available to everyone, no longer in beta. So as they say here, you got low gas fee, super fast speeds, trades they can earn, bulletproof security and 100 times less carbon emissions, which I like. I like the fact that the kind of like teams working with layer twos are actually talking about this because of the fact that, you know, a lot of people are concerned about the environmental impact of crypto, which is fair enough. So let's kind of like hop on about that and be like, look, these layer twos are obviously much more efficient because they are not running proof of work. And then obviously post merger theorem is going to be in that arena as well. But anyway, if you have Argent and if you kind of like been waiting to have Argent, I guess like to play around with Argent, now's the time to do so because you can do it using a layer two account. No need to use layer one Ethereum, no need to use the high fees. I mean, even at 20 gwei, like the fees are relatively cheap compared to what they've been, but that's still too high. I mean, a swap is what? Still like $10, I think. You know, if I'm doing my math correctly in my head, that's still way too much, right? So get on the L twos, get on the L twos now guys, because it's cheap to bridge in. It's never been a more perfect time, I think. But yeah, good to see Argent come out of beta here with their L two integration. All right, so Arbitrum announced today that they have released research.arbitrum.io, which is a forum for Arbitrum research, development and ideas for improvements. Now, obviously it's quite bare right now because it was just launched, but this is kind of similar to the e3 search forum for those of you who have seen that basically uses the same kind of like website templates. And this is all about Arbitrum as an ecosystem. And there are a couple of open topics that Arbitrum wants to tackle, such as compression in Nitro, which is obviously what to do with doing gas fees and cool data compression and getting those gas fees down in their Nitro upgrade. L2 compute gas of pricing and support for BLS signatures in Nitro. So you can go here and actually look at these threads like there's an L2 compute gas pricing here. There's a discussion here. I mean, Ed Felton has started it, which is one of the founders of off-chain labs who builds Arbitrum. And then you have like a bunch of others here. So obviously, as I said, pretty bare right now, but I expect this to kind of like heat up over time. Very excited to see an open research forum for a layer two. That's definitely a welcome thing to see in the ecosystem. And I think that this is just the first step towards decentralizing these things because changes to the protocol should be done out in the open. It shouldn't just be up to the off-chain labs core team for these L2s going for and just L2s in general shouldn't be up to the core team. And this is how you get to that point. This is how you get to the point where you decentralize over time, not just with a token, but creating a culture of open building, open development and publicly at that. So very cool to see this. I'll link it in the YouTube description for you to check out. All right, so lee.fi or leeFi protocol here today have announced that they built a cross-chain dapp that allows you to donate any token from any EVM change to the Ukraine cause. So you no longer have to worry about the ETH gas fees. You can donate any amount and every dollar counts. So if you want to do this, you can go to transfer to dot XYZ slash Ukraine and kind of like donate there. You know, look, the reason I kind of like bring this up is because I wanted to kind of talk about how I really like how the crypto community has come together really quickly to do this for for not, you know, for Ukraine, obviously, but just in general. I think people underestimate not underestimate people forget why this industry was kind of like founded or what the principles of this industry was kind of like founded on with Bitcoin, then with Ethereum and then with kind of like, you know, other things out there. One of the major principles is helping those who have been either kind of, I guess, like oppressed or suffering from from, you know, war or kicked off the traditional financial system or, you know, sanctioned or kind of like banned from using the existing kind of like monetary instruments, all that sort of stuff. Those are kind of like the things that this industry is built on. Right. And on top of that, getting money to where it needs to be really quickly is another core principle that isn't talked about enough. And, you know, I know it's because we're all used to it by now, but the fact that we can send value instantaneously around the world with relatively kind of like cheap fees, especially at layer twos is is amazing. I think it's truly amazing. I think it's the most underrated aspect of this industry. And I think that, you know, it just kind of like shines when we kind of see like stuff like this where Ukraine can accept donations and get instant money without any government in the middle, without any without any other government. Obviously, the Ukraine government is is is recipient here, but without any kind of like other government in the middle and without them having to kind of like spin up any complicated infrastructure or get permission or anything like that, which I think is obviously a vastly underestimated benefit of of a theorem and just, you know, blockchain and crypto in general there. So if you'd like to donate, this is just another option for you to do so. So I'll link this in the YouTube description for you to check out. All right, so stock where announced today or yesterday that they have kind of formed a strategic partnership with Alchemy, which reflects the shared commitment of their teams to build stock net and provide developers with the full suite of Alchemist proprietary platform infrastructure products and services. Now, I've talked about Alchemy recently when I was talking about the inferior drama from the other day, they provide infrastructure for Ethereum for I think other chains out there and also for L2. So this is just kind of like formalizing a strategic partnership between stock where and Alchemy, which is which is really, really cool. At the same time, you know, the centralized services are all well and good. It's all it's all totally cool and everything. But like, I want to see more of these decentralized infrastructure providers spin up. I know about pocket network and I think maybe there's one or two others that I'm just not not remembering the name of right now. But really, at the end of the day, this is like a massive thing. As I mentioned last time when I spoke about this, if all we have is like centralized infrastructure providers on top of these decentralized chains, it kind of defeats the purpose. So we definitely need to do more work there. And I'm hoping stock where maybe can can help Alchemy with this. There's no reason Alchemy can't decentralize out or create like a decentralized version of their of their product offering. Maybe maybe they don't want to because they make a lot of money from from the centralized offering. But I don't know. I feel like there is something there that can be done and maybe stock where can help them with that. But cool to see this, I guess, formalized strategic partnership from them. Onto the next update. So Connext have rebranded their ex-pollinate service to Connext Bridge to consolidate their brand identity and to make it simpler for end users to use the network. I'm glad this was done because whenever I was talking about connects with people, I would say, oh, you have to use ex-pollinate. And they're like, what's ex-pollinate? You were just telling me about, telling me about Connext. And I'm like, oh, okay, well, yeah, it's Connext, but like, it's just a different name. You know, branding is extremely important, guys. Like, I think this is an, this is kind of something that people don't realize is, especially if you're deep into crypto, branding is everything. And if you kind of like confuse users with your brand, they get upset, they get frustrated, they get very, very lost very, very quickly. So I'm very, very glad to see this. And I just wanted to kind of like give a heads up to you guys, because if you see Connext Bridge from now on, that is basically what ex-pollinate has been just with the new name. And the name is just simple, right? Connext, the brand and bridge. It just describes what it is straight away. No need for users to get confused, which is obviously what we want to see here. And they have a little thread here, just kind of going through the context around this, but obviously a very, very good decision from Connext here. All right. Finally, in the L2 news, diversify have launched a bridge to arbitrum. So you can move your assets between arbitrum and diversify without ever touching layer one, which means no delays and no hefty gas fees. This is really cool because for those of you who don't know, diversify is a validity built using star quest technology. And now they have a bridge between them and arbitrum, which is obviously a totally different network of being an optimistic Rob. So not only a different network, but a totally different architecture as well, which is absolutely awesome to see. So as I say, guys, these bridges, they're going to keep coming, there's going to be bridges between app specific L2s and other ecosystems and generalized bridges and blah, blah, blah, all this sort of stuff. You won't have to worry about moving between these things for really very much longer. And this was actually a drawback. People kind of like stated about L2s. They're like, oh, there's going to be so many L2s and they're all going to be fragmented and liquidity is going to be fragmented. Interoperability is going to be hard, blah, blah, blah. And I always used to say that I'm like, no, there's going to be bridges. There's going to be plenty of these bridges. Yes, there's going to be an extra risk using these bridges, but over time that risk will get less. But we weren't even talking about risk. We're just talking about the other factors. And they were like, oh, you know, that's going to be too complex for people. People aren't going to use those bridges. It's like, well, they are. They're using them a lot. People, you know, there's billions of dollars in these bridges for better or worse. So I think that the more of these that come online, especially, you know, tapping into lead dot finance, which I just spoke about, which is actually a bridge aggregator, it's just going to be seamless. And then while it's going to integrate with it, they're just going to have one button you click. Everything's going to happen in the background. It's going to be totally seamless. And I think people who don't realize that it's going to be seamless in the future are just completely missing the forest for the trees. So I think kind of like when you can kind of consider all of that and you take it all into account, these problems are just kind of like fading away. They aren't even problems. They never were problems. But I'm glad to see that narrative shift narratives change based on the current information and the developments and products and services that kind of like get released. All right. Finally, here we have something that I just wanted to give a quick shout out to. So there is going to be a bankless Ethereum down under panel happening on March 21st at 3 p.m. PST, 5 p.m. EST and 9 a.m. Australian Eastern Standard Time. So this is going to be a kind of like Ethereum panel with Kane from Synthetix. Robbie Ferguson from Immutable. Pat McNabb from Mycelium and TracerDao. And Sid Powell from Maple Finance. All-star lineup, right guys? And these are all Australian-based teams. That's why I'm promoting this. Obviously, you guys know I'm Australian. And I'm actually going to be attending, as I said, the kind of like events in real life. So I'm actually going to be in Sydney on the 22nd of March here, Australian time. And I'm going to be getting up at 9 a.m. For those of you who have listened to the refill long enough, you know that my usual wake-up time is like 11 a.m. I never really get up at night because I stay up late because I record the refill at like 11 p.m. my time. And then by the time I put it out and everything go to bed, it's like 2 a.m. So yeah, like getting up at 9 a.m. or even before 9 a.m. is going to be a struggle. But I'll do it for Ethereum, guys. But anyway, enough about my sleeping patterns. What I wanted to say as well is that I know, you know, I spoke about kind of like the blockchain week yesterday. And how those real-life events and virtual events and everything like that. And as I mentioned, like I think it was last week about the kind of like eighth down under event happening in December. I'm super excited about all of this because we need more stuff happening in Australia. I know I promised the Daily Graham meetup in Melbourne sometime. That's still going to happen eventually, guys. I just don't know when I am trying to find time. I am so, so busy right now. You know, it's funny, Kobe is in Melbourne right now. And he's been trying to kind of like meet up with me. And I'm like, dude, I'm so busy. I'm sorry. I'm just crazy like doing stuff around the house and everything like that. And you'll probably hear my dog barking. He's annoying the shit out of me lately. I've tried to have that to try. I'll admit it's just a bit of a disaster with him lately. But he's all right. He's healthy and everything. But anyway, enough about my life story here. My point is that I hope to see much more of these Australian-based things happening this year. I really want to obviously do the Daily Graham meetup. And if you know of any other meetups or any other things happening in Australia, especially in Melbourne, obviously where I live. Please let me know. I would love to attend. Love to kind of like even speak up. Love to meet people there and everything like that. But anyway, I think on that note, I'm going to finish it there for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel. And I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.