 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Refuel, where I cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, TheAndalusAscion, and this is how I know it's as the 23rd of August 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So we have a new blog post here from Eric Wohl today that I wanted to kind of put on your radar, and this is basically titled The Case for Social Slashing. So I think this is a really great read, I highly recommend going and giving it a read, because it does a great job of summarizing all the intricacies and nuances around social slashing and all this kind of stuff that I've been talking about over the last couple of weeks as well. So I mean, I read through it earlier today and I found myself pretty much agreeing with everything that Eric was saying. He didn't just kind of, I guess, go over the pros, but he went over the cons. He kind of steelmanned the other side of this kind of the other argument against it, and everything that surrounds that there. So as I said, I definitely recommend giving this a read. I think the main takeaway from this, the thing that stuck out to me most, was something that I hadn't thought of before. And that was the fact that when we think about the Ethereum protocol postmerge, so a proof of stake protocol, we think about what tools it has to punish validators for doing the wrong thing. Well, we have slashing, right? We have in protocol slashing for things like surround voting, for double voting, double, sorry, attempting to kind of like double spend, things like that. You know, double signing, all that sorts of stuff. We have things in place to slash people for that in the protocol. And I've explained how it's very hard, if not impossible, from my understanding, to be able to kind of like detect censorship in the same way and slash for that. But in the context that Eric was bringing up was around slashing, say Coinbase, for example, a very large centralized staking provider, they would already get punished if they did something that went against the protocol. Just that because we can't objectively view censorship from the protocol, we have to do it in a social way where we have to basically use the same tool that we use for punishing them for like double signing, surround voting, stuff like that. But to enact those tools, we don't just kind of like do it in an automated fashion within the protocol, we have to use the social layer. So it really is the same thing. And the context was that people staking with Coinbase should be prepared to lose some, you know, all of their ETH in the event that they get slashed. And Eric said basically that it doesn't even matter if it's not a social slash, Coinbase still runs the risk of getting slashed for whatever reason, and so does every staker, mind you. Like it's not a risk-free thing. You still run the risk no matter what. No matter how many kind of like protections you have in place, how many redundancies you have in place, there is always a risk that you're going to get slashed, whether you're, you know, obviously, purposely trying to attack the network or not. It's just that we can punish you for most things in protocol. It's just when it comes to censorship, it needs an extra protocol, I guess, trigger, for lack of a better term there, in order to get the ball rolling. So from that perspective, any attack on the network should be, you know, whether that be censorship or otherwise, should be, you know, it should come with the expectation that you're going to get slashed if you're trying to attack the network. And that's what the social signals around social slashing is all about, is making sure that everyone in the ecosystem, I'm not trying to pick on any one provider, but every single validator in the ecosystem, whether that be part of a centralized staking pool or a decentralized one or a centralized service provider or a centralized exchange or a solo validator, it doesn't matter. They all have to abide by the same in protocol and extra protocol rules. And extra protocol is more of a social contract, where I think that my stance has kind of evolved on this over the last couple of weeks. I think that if only 20 or 30% of the network, say network validators, for example, are censoring transactions in that they're not including transactions in their block or certain transactions in their blocks, I don't think that's the case for social slashing. But if it becomes the majority of the network that's doing that, well, I think it does become the case for social slashing because it significantly degrades network performance. And it depends on what's being censored and what's not. Obviously, we would like to see zero censorship on the network. But as Polina pointed out yesterday, miners and validators have always had the ability to include or not include whatever transactions they want in a block. And that's at the protocol level, like it's an objective thing. It's not something that they're not allowed to do. The protocol gives them the ability to do that. Now, if we want to fix that, we have to basically bring improvements to the protocol, which we are going to do. Where it gets really dangerous is when validators refuse to build on top of the longest chain, right, on top of the canonical chain, refuse to attest to blocks on that chain. That leads to forks. That leads to competing chains. That is when I would be fully in favor of invoking the social slashing, of course, as a last resort. But if it's gone to that point where essentially, you have a large part of the network saying, well, we're not going to build on these blocks at all. We're not only not going to include these transactions, we're not going to build on blocks that have these transactions included in them or build on a chain or attest to blocks that has these transactions included in them. Well, that's when you get chain splits, and that's when it becomes a direct attack on the network, at least from my perspective, I'm sure many people would agree with me on that. And that's when I think it's very, very justified to socially slash in order to get the network back on track. And that comes with a lot of fallout. It is not pretty. It comes with a lot of this mess, and we don't want to get to that point. So those are the two main kind of like things. And that's my main takeaway from Eric's post here is that we are just enacting the rules of the protocol. We just have to do it in a kind of like subjective way rather than an objective way because we have no way to objectively punish for censorship. It doesn't exist right now. Maybe it won't exist in the future. So we have to make sure that we have a social layer that is willing to use the nuclear option if push comes to shove, as I've described before. But that's my main takeaway. Maybe you have something different. Definitely go give the blog post a read. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. Speaking of the, I guess like censorship and OFAC sanctions, Ryan Sean Adams today shared a little thread here on how you can help Alex Petsev gain his freedom. Now Alex Petsev here is the tornado cache dev that was arrested in the Netherlands, who is still, I believe, kind of imprisoned on suspicion, but no charges have been filed yet. So if you want to sign a position for his freedom, you can do that. You can join the Telegram group where people are coordinating, and you can also give directly to his defense on Gitcoin. So these are all the things you can do to help him if you're so inclined to do so. Obviously not being forced to help him if you don't want to, if you don't feel like getting involved. But I'm glad to see this kind of like spun up here because, I mean, they originally said that they arrested him because he facilitated or profited from money laundering. And, you know, the fact that as far as I know, they haven't charged him with anything still, I think it's been over a week at least, probably longer than that now. And the fact that they've just kind of like arrested him on, imprisoned him on suspicion is an injustice. And I think it needs to be rectified ASAP. Like, I can't even imagine what I would feel like being in that position where I've got arrested for my connections to this tool that have been sanctioned, but I'm not being charged with anything, and I'm just sitting in, you know, potentially kind of like a holding cell, and I've got no idea what's going on. Like, I would, that's like a nightmare scenario for me, nightmare fuel for me. Like, I can't even imagine what it's like for Alex here. I read a thread yesterday, I don't have it up here right now, but there was a thread, if you go to my Twitter profile, you'll see it, on Virgil Griffith, and how he's been in solitary confinement for three months because they haven't been able to find beds for him at the prison he's at, which is insane to me. And maybe that isn't the truth, maybe there's another reason why he's in solitary confinement, but Virgil is not a violent person. I mean, he's in prison for basically spreading knowledge in kind of like North Korea, and, you know, obviously going against the US, because, you know, not only is he a violent person, because, you know, North Korea is sanctioned, and I'm not trying to justify or defend his actions here, but he's not a violent, hardened criminal who would have done anything to put himself in, you know, solitary confinement like that. So, like, just when you think about it, like, think about how bad that is for a person's mental state just generally, and how you would feel in that situation. I would personally feel like really, really bad. I'd probably develop some pretty gnarly mental conditions as well because of that, and then, and people do, right? So, we need to make sure that we kind of like preserve, you know, proper justice here, and the proper kind of like chain of command, the proper process, and this isn't to me the proper process here. Like, you can't just arrest someone and not charge them with anything and hold them indefinitely. I know that there are certain, I guess, acts or certain laws passed in certain countries which allows for this to happen due to suspicion of money laundering, you know, terrorists, reason financing, stuff like that, but at the end of the day, it really just flies in the face of human rights, and I really think that that's just absolute bullshit. So, if you want to support Alex, you can. I'll link these in the YouTube description for you to go to these links. So, Matthew Green, who did a podcast with Bankless recently, you should definitely listen to that, but he's not, I guess, in the crypto ecosystem, so to speak. He is a cryptographer. He teaches cryptography at a university in the US, I believe, or the UK. I think he's one of the two. I think it's the US. But he's basically said today that he's made a GitHub organization to republish a fork of the tornado cache repositories that were banned following the Treasury's sanction order the other week. And then he's also said that there are a lot of thorny issues around the OFAC Treasury sanctioning of an open source project and what it means for freedom of speech. And to help figure those out, the EFF, which is the Electronic Frontier Foundation, has agreed to represent Matthew Green on this front, which is very cool. I mean, we have an actual cryptography professor kind of in our court here and going to fight for us, which I think is really, really awesome. And the tornado cache repositories are now back live on GitHub here under Matthew Green. So you can go check those out and download them for your own use if you want to or anything like that. But yeah, I mean, code should not be banned or anything like that. And open source code should be able to be freely looked at and shared and used at the end of the day. At least that's my view on things there. But great to see Matthew Green here taking an actual stand. And it seems like he's going to be fighting this in meat space, so to speak. So maybe we can get some actual clarity around this because everyone is still super confused. No one knows what to do. Like it's been how long now? I think the sanctions happened over two weeks ago now and there's still not any clarity at all. Like I wouldn't even say there is any clarity. There's not. And that's really bad. And that really makes it hard for anyone to know where to go from here and what to do from here. Obviously, the wheels of bureaucracy move extremely slowly. And getting anything out of the government when it comes to these sorts of stuff is probably going to take a while. But still, we have people in our core. We have people fighting for us and we should support them. So really great to see this from Matthew Green today. All right, last up here. I want to kind of like focus on this graphic that BandTech has made which is similar to the one that I showed yesterday. But this one basically shows the difference between BTC, ETH1 and ETH2 and the distribution of I guess like validators or miners. So you can see here on Bitcoin, three pools account for over 50% of the mining on BTC. So those three pools are color-coded here. One of them is Foundry USA, the other one is Antpool and the other one is F2pool. Those three alone from what I can see on the graphic here account for over 50% of the Bitcoin network. As we all know, you only need 51% of the hash to launch attacks and to start building and to become the longest chain on that network. Now, I'm not going to talk about the feasibility of doing that. Obviously, it's not an easy task, but that's the state of it. Ethereum is not much better, if all better. I don't think it's actually better. I think it's in the exact same scenario where you have Ethermine, F2pool and Hiveonpool, I believe here, accounting for over 50% of the network. So it's basically the same position as Bitcoin. And then you have ETH2 or I guess like a group of Stake down the bottom, which looks much more distributed. Now, as I've said before, this graphic has split out Lido into its singular compartments because obviously Lido is 29 different validating services. It's not just one monolithic entity. So that makes this look a lot better than it otherwise would have if you counted Lido as one entity. Now, there are debates around how you should count that. Not going to get into that now. But the reason why I wanted to bring this graphic up is because just looking at this at face value, you would think that both if the Proof-of-Work Bitcoin and Proof-of-Work Ethereum are more centralized than Proof-of-Stake Ethereum. And I think that's the wrong way to look at it. Because one, there's nuances between Proof-of-Work and Proof-of-Stake. There's nuances between the distribution of these stakers and pools. And when looking at Proof-of-Stake versus Proof-of-Work from a validated perspective, it gets very murky, especially Ethereum Proof-of-Stake versus Proof-of-Work. So, and then looking at the incentives around that, the game theory around that, and the network itself and the network social layer, there is so much that goes into this. That's why whenever the critics, especially the ones outside of crypto, bring up, oh, you know, Proof-of-Work is incredibly centralized because three pools control over 50% of the hash rate, and that's enough to launch an attack. Okay, yeah, I mean, if you're just looking at it from that perspective, it makes sense, but there's also the cost of attack, right? There is, as I said, the game theory behind it, the incentives behind it. There is the community behind it. There is the fact that miners can change pools relatively easily. You just have to basically switch your miners over to another pool if you don't want to be part of the pool that you were part of. Staking, Ethereum staking is the same thing, but it's a bit more nuanced in the fact that there's a queue to get out. So for example, if you are staking with a service provider and you want to exit, and the fastest you can exit, I believe, without a queue at all is within a day. If there is a queue, and depending on how long the queue is, it could stretch out to months, potentially. It just depends, right? So it's kind of like different to mining. And it's also different in that when you're staking with like a Coinbase, for example, you're both giving custody to Coinbase of your ETH, and you've given them control over your validator because they're the ones spinning up the validator. So they could stop you from withdrawing altogether, right? They could stop you from spinning on the validator altogether. There are solutions coming to kind of rectify that. There is a lot going on in the proof of stake Ethereum world as well to kind of help with that. But that's the reality of, and the nuance is there. So you can't just look at this graphic and draw conclusions from it just based on the graphic alone, just based on the distribution here. You have to look at all the nuance behind it. And I actually think, as I've always said, the most important is the social layer. The most important is how strong is the network and how likely is it to repair itself from an attack, both on the technical and the social side. Technical side for proof of work chains, they're pretty much balked. Like it's pretty hard for them to stop, I guess, like an attacker. They would have to change the hashing algorithm, which I mean, fine, you know, do that. But then you punish all the honest miners. It's very, it's extremely messy, right? And it basically means that you have to start from scratch with your security for the chain. And yeah, it's not a very, very good way of dealing with it. On proof of stake Ethereum, we can do this kind of like a slashing, whether it be social or otherwise for, I guess, like attacks on the network and stuff like that. But it's still very, very messy, especially in Ethereum's case, because of the DeFi considerations, right? Like what would the DeFi ecosystem look like in that world? And also the collateral damage and the fault that I've spoken out before. So I just wanted to focus on that graphic for a little bit today, because it's definitely a lot more nuanced than just looking at it at face value. And anyone who kind of like talks to you about these distributions and kind of doesn't talk about the nuance, it's worthwhile to correct them on this and worthwhile to explain to them that there's a lot more to this graphic than just the raw numbers. And I think that's true from pretty much everything in crypto and most things in life generally, like taking things at face value and without nuance usually leads to very binary outcomes. It doesn't lead to good debate, doesn't lead to good discussion, doesn't lead to good solutions. So yeah, I just wanted to kind of put that on your radar. I'll link this in the YouTube description. If you're listening to the podcast, you can go check out the graphic for yourself. All right, so Steph here on Twitter posted a slide from Vitalik's ETHMexico talk on what to build next in Ethereum, or at least what he wants to see built next in Ethereum. So he wants to see wallets using ERC4337 aggregation. So that's a standard for wallet aggregation here. He wants better compression for rollups, which would obviously lead to cheaper fees on rollups. He wants software for nodes in a post-dank sharding world. So this would basically mean that he wants people to be able to download as much of the chain history as they want very easily as part of their kind of node infrastructure. At least that's my interpretation of it. And then he also wants apps that are not possible today, but are possible in a world where transactions are 100 times cheaper. I think he's going to get all this I think it's naturally going to... I mean, this is pretty much all being worked on. The first one I know is being worked on. Compression for rollups definitely being worked on by all rollup teams. The software for nodes in a post-dank sharding world. I mean, I don't think it's being worked on right now because we don't know exactly what dank sharding is going to look like in its final form on the network. And it's probably going to take a little while before that final form gets out there. So I think that there are probably discussions being had and maybe prototypes being built, but nothing caused that. But nothing concrete yet. But it is still being built, right? And then you have the apps that are not possible today, but are possible when things are cheaper. I think we know some of these apps already, like decentralized social media and stuff like that, but they just haven't been built because it's not 100 times cheaper yet. I mean, at the end of the day, the rollups aren't 100 times cheaper than mainnet. They possibly will be after the first version of proto... Oh, sorry, after proto dank sharding goes live, but right now they're not there. So I think Vitalik's going to get what he wants here because as I said, some of them or most of them are already in development and the others are just very, very close to being in development. But great to see him focusing on just what to build, because I think that a lot of focus has been put on the protocol layer, especially by me, because I just focus on the protocol layer a lot because of the move to proof of stake, because of these other major upgrades that are coming. But once we have that massive scalability there, we should really begin more of a focus on the application layer. Because as I've said before, there's no point building all this cool protocol layer stuff if there's no apps to take advantage of it. So we should really put more emphasis on the application layer, at least in my opinion. All right, so a nice little graphic here from Polina today. I'm not sure if it's their graphic or if it's come from somewhere else, but I haven't seen this before. Basically, it describes ETH as an asset or really any asset, but I mean, this kind of fits in nicely with ETH. It's this feedback loop where you have at the top, there's a circle here with a productive asset in it. And then it continues on and has an arrow pointing to low or no inflation plus high security. And then it goes to that would create a sound story value and that creates rising economic bandwidth, aka a rising asset price, which leads to rising economic activity because more people want to take advantage of that and I guess participate in more economic activity, which leads to a more productive asset. And then we start this kind of like feedback loop over again. I think this is just a really great way of visualizing why a rising ETH price, for example, is extremely healthy for the entire ecosystem and for the entire kind of like Ethereum network. And it's not just all about number go up to make people rich. At the end of the day, it's all about security, obviously, securing the chain as much as we can. And the ETH price is directly correlated to that, even more so in proof of stake. But it's also about making sure that we have a more productive asset, which leads to all of this, right? And which leads to more economic bandwidth for us to use. We can use ETH, you know, as I've explained, I think I explained this last time when I was talking about stablecoins, but a more valuable ETH means we can do more stuff with it within DeFi, like whether that be as collateral or as kind of like pairing with liquidity pools, we can create a much more robust and healthy DeFi ecosystem. And that would lead to more economic activity because there's more liquidity, there's more robustness, there's more health to the overall ecosystem, which then again makes ETH a more productive asset and then leads to this whole kind of feedback here. So I thought this was just a great way of visualizing that and kind of like spelling it out for people, because too many people still think that the only reason why we want any of these assets to go up in value is for speculative reasons. I mean, obviously there's a lot of that there, but for me personally, it's not about that. It's about the fact that I recognize that a rising ETH value is extremely positive to the network, both from a security, productivity perspective, and also from a kind of like social perspective of bringing in more people, bringing in more interest, and being able to fund more of the things that we want to see in the ecosystem. There's a reason why we're not struggling for funding this time around like we were after 2017. It's because there was a lot more money that came into this ecosystem than back then, especially on the private funding side. So yeah, I just wanted to highlight that for you guys. I'll link this in the YouTube description for you to check out. All right, so it's creeping up. Arbitrum Nitro is going live in nine days. So this is going live obviously on August 31st, and I'm assuming that Arbitrum Odyssey will be activated within a few days of that. So very exciting times coming up for Arbitrum here. I didn't realize how close it was actually. I didn't even realize it was the 23rd of August today, which is just crazy. I was like, what the hell? Winter's almost over, obviously, I'm in Australia. So it's almost spring. The first day of spring is coming up. I was like, wow, that has gone by so quickly. I don't even know where 2022 has gone. And also then I realized, wow, the merge is so close, right? So we have some super exciting stuff happening here. We have Nitro happening on the 31st. Then we have the merge mid September, and we have, I'm sure, a lot more things around that are kind of like coming out as well. It's just a super exciting time to be in Ethereum, that's for sure. But yeah, I just wanted to give a heads up to you guys that Nitro is very close. And what Nitro is going to basically bring is those much cheaper transactions, because the limit that Arbitrum Nitro has imposed on itself is going to be raised a lot. And then Odyssey will be turned back on, so you'll be able to partake in that. So just wanted to remind you guys about that one. All right, so Maker DAO announced today a defining moment they're calling it, to envision the potential of connecting decentralized finance and real world finance. Huntington Valley Bank and Maker pioneered the first commercial loan participation between a US regulated financial institution and a decentralized digital currency. Maker is connecting to the legacy economy through the largest real world asset vault to date, and its first relationship with the US bank. Maker has come under scrutiny, slash, I guess like attack for their, maybe difference in philosophy that they've had since going to multi collateral DAO, where they think that these centralized real world assets are a benefit to the Maker protocol, not a liability. I don't know where I sit on this. I am still a very big fan of kind of just an ETH only backed stablecoin, but I've described before why that's very hard to achieve at scale, and especially with stability. And I've explained why I believe that multi collateral DAO is not a bad thing and why it is potentially necessary for DAO to be able to scale up, but it does compromise on those decentralization ideals, right? It doesn't like DAO is definitely not a fully decentralized stablecoin these days. And I do wonder if onboarding these real world assets just keeps watering that down, because if this is being done with a regulated US financial institution, I know it's not like a large part of the collateral backing DAO right now, but what if it does become that? And then the thing is we already have the USDC risk, so we're just adding more risk here. And the Maker folks are very good at gauging risk and very good at kind of like measuring these sorts of stuff. But I don't know, I feel like it's just introducing unnecessary, maybe not complexity, but like more unnecessary risk into the protocol. Of something that I would love to see go back more towards being a more decentralized stablecoin. But I think that that's just not the way that Maker is going to be from now. And that's not to say that Maker can't be a successful protocol, can't be a good protocol, can't be something that we can get a lot of value out of. But I think the days of calling Maker a decentralized protocol and DAO decentralized stablecoin are over at this point. Maybe you can say semi-decentralized, and there's just like that added risk of those centralized assets potentially being frozen and things like that. But yeah, I mean this is what a lot of people are wrestling with right now when it comes to Maker. Maker's been around for ages, I've been a huge fan of them, I've used Maker plenty of times, I've used DAO plenty of times. But I don't want to kind of like fool myself into kind of like thinking that it is a fully decentralized thing anymore. In saying all of that, I still think what they're doing is very cool here. I think inevitably we're going to need to bridge the gap between DeFi and kind of like traditional finance anyway. I know that traditional finance is locked down really really hard with regulations and all that sorts of stuff, but it's way bigger than us. There's no way in hell that we're going to be able to scale DeFi to the world without plugging into traditional finance and basically offering them all these good better tools on their level, on their playing field. They're not going to change their rules for us anytime soon. The regulations are not going to change for us anytime soon. So if we want to play in their world, we have to play by their rules. Just like if they want to play in our world, they have to play by our rules. To an extent, I mean they could create like a super regulated on-chain thing that maybe they just use, but like no one in DeFi is going to want to use that. They're going to use the alternatives. Still, it's all about compromise when it comes to this sort of stuff. Yes, I want to see fully decentralized protocols take over the world, especially when it comes to DeFi, but I'm also pragmatic about onboarding people. There's no point creating fully decentralized things if no one's using it. Who cares then? We want to be pragmatic, get as many users as possible, bridge the gap between DeFi and TradFi, but also preserve what makes DeFi so great. Obviously, decentralization, no KYC, no AML, freedom, privacy, all the good stuff that we know and love when it comes to DeFi. We want to preserve that as we scale up to the world. And it's a delicate balance. It's not an easy thing to do. And I don't think attacking any protocol, attacking any person is the way to go. I think just working to make the technology better is probably the way to go there. Reminder that Gitcoin Grants Round 15 is only 16 days away. So there is a kind of $2.6 million in matching funds that have been committed so far between the main round for cause rounds and 13 ecosystem rounds. So you can increase your grant potential by submitting early here on the link. But yeah, I just wanted to remind you guys that this is happening in between September 7th and September 22nd. So basically in the heart of the merge season, I guess we can call it merge season. That's a little bit of a different word. We can call it merge season. That's got a nice ring to it there. But yeah, and it's happening on Gitcoin obviously. You can go check this out. We'll link it in each of the description below. All right, so Swell Network today has announced their Guarded Launch. Swell Network is now live on the Ethereum mainnet via a Guarded Launch. This is the next critical milestone in the pathway to bringing next generation liquid staking to the ecosystem. So this is another liquid staking protocol that has entered the fray here. Obviously, we have a lot of these already. Or not that, no, actually we don't have that many of these. I think the most popular ones are obviously Rocker Pool and Lido. But Swell Network has entered the fray here and they've got a Guarded Launch, which basically means that there's limits to how much kind of ETH can be staked with them and what could be done with them. So you can see the Guarded Launch stages here where there's a different ETH threshold between the different stages. So there's five different stages. The fifth one will be an open ETH threshold, so everything uncapped. But until then, it's actually a pretty small cap. So in the first stage, it's only a 320 ETH cap. And then you can see it goes up by 10x to 3200, double to 6400. And then I think it's a 50% increase to 9600 here in terms of the ETH threshold. And then stage five is just going to be open to all. So you can read the details in this blog post for the full kind of overview here. But great to see another liquid staking protocol go live on the Ethereum mainnet. All right. So just a quick shout out here is that Two of Fears put out this tweet today saying, for the next three weeks, I'll be focusing on supporting the best merge viewing call that we can offer. Each staker is teaming up with Bankless and myself, myself being me, Anthony, to bring the community closer together as we celebrate the fruition of years of work. The merge is coming. We're going to make it. So the merge is coming in, as it says here, three weeks. It's going to be an amazing time for all of us. And we're going to celebrate it on a call just like we've celebrated the testnet mergers. It's going to be a much bigger call. We have a whole agenda planned. We're super excited about it. We're in the planning stages right now. We want to make it extremely memorable. Like, I think if anything needs to be memorable in terms of calls within the Ethereum ecosystem, this is the one. We only do the merge once. I mean, hopefully. Hopefully nothing goes wrong. We don't have to do it again. But we're assuming that we're only doing the merge once. It only happens once in Ethereum's history. There will never be a move to proof of stake again because we'll already be on proof of stake. So we want to get this right. We want to make it as fun as possible. And I don't think it could be in better hands than folks like e-staker and bankless. I mean, I'm there too, but I'm just along for the ride. Like, I'm just super excited. I think I just bring the energy. And apparently I'm bringing a dance too, but we'll see about that. Just, but yeah, I mean, my point in bringing this up is I just wanted to make you guys aware that we're super excited about this call. And obviously the details will be out as we get closer to the merge date. But I hope to see you all there on that one. And speaking of calls, I did my final Twitter Spaces with SSV Network today, where I had that merge series that I've been doing for the last two and a half months. This Twitter Space was a back to back episode with Alon from SSV Network. We talked all things Ethereum, decentralization, censorship resistance, all the good stuff there. And then the second half of the episode was I was joined by two people from Lido and two people from Rocketpool to talk about everything Ethereum staking. So you can go check out that final episode. And SSV Network will also be posting on their channels all the episodes and everything and all the education materials around that. So keep an eye out for that. But I thank them for having me on and letting me host, letting me interview some interesting people and asking them interesting questions. But yeah, I think on that note, that's going to be a wrap for today. So thank everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.