 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Delegway Refuel where I cap the latest news near the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Stanton Sosano and today's the 24th of June, 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So I put out a tweet today where I basically just said I'm bullish on the bear market. I actually put this out yesterday, technically my time, and this was something that I said on the Bankless Weekly Rollup that I did with David. I was filling in for Ryan there so you can go watch that. It's actually live on the Bankless YouTube channel right now. But David kind of asked me what I was most excited about, what I'm most kind of like bullish on, and it's the bear market really. I love bear markets, honestly. I know that it's easy for me to say that and I know that it's different for people who may have bought the top right of the bull market and they're like, oh my God, the prices have come down so much. But it's not so much about the prices, it's more about kind of just like there's much more signal in a bear market than there is in a bull market. It's much calmer, there's much less noise, and you can basically get a lot more stuff done. You can focus on a lot of other things. So for me personally, it's just been very, very refreshing not to have to go on Twitter every day and see just absolute crap being shielded by everyone. Everyone kind of like getting kind of like shielded on these random coins like the dog tokens and things like that. Obviously we've had a bit of drama over the last couple months with the markets coming down and also with the contagion of some of these funds blowing up and Celsius and things like that. But I think that that sort of stuff is fine. That's not the sort of stuff that I kind of get annoyed about. I just get annoyed, especially in the second half of last year, what really annoyed me was seeing all these Alt-L1 shills just come out of the woodwork. And you could tell they were all first cyclers and they're all saying their favorite chain would kill Ethereum. And I'm like, oh my God, here we go again. I heard all of this in 2017, but now obviously in 2022 or 2021, I have a much bigger audience, much bigger online presence. So it was just kind of like annoying for me. So that's what I mean by like the bear market being quieter, better. People are kind of like here for the tech. Like most people are here for the tech and you can get a lot more stuff done as well. So I think I'm bullish on the bear market and bullish on everything that's going to come out of the bear market. Like last bear market, basically we had DeFi come out of it, which was huge. And there's a bunch of different things happening within the ecosystem today. There's still a lot of stuff happening actually across crypto gaming. And I've talked about crypto gaming quite a bit, but I'm seeing stuff come out of that ecosystem, especially in the immutable X ecosystem that I'm starting to really like from a game perspective. And I'm starting to like the look of, I don't really have any kind of like comments about the tokenomics of these games or like the NFTs attached to it, but the actual games are starting to look really cool. Now, don't get me wrong. Like making a cool game these days is not actually that hard. Developers can use the unreal engine and indie developers can actually make AAA quality games in terms of like looks, right? Whether it's a good game or not is another thing entirely, but I'm at least liking the look of these sorts of things. I'm liking the progress that they're making. And it's really cool to see some kind of like crypto native games actually continue to be developed and actually continue to kind of like do marketing around that and kind of like have their community support that as well. But there's other things too, like the layer two ecosystem obviously is a big one that I pay a lot of attention to and the core protocol on Ethereum as well. But I think when it comes to the core protocol, we, I don't like some people were saying, Oh, well now that it's a bear market, the Ethereum core devs don't have as much pressure to launch the merge or to ship the merge and ship other upgrades. And I'm like, no, I don't think that's the right way to think about it. I think that the pressure that especially around timing should be the same, whether it's a bull or bear market, I think that shipping needs to probably in the Ethereum core protocol world, I think shipping maybe it needs to be a bit faster there. I think at this point, you know, the merge, I don't think like, I think I've given this opinion before where maybe I had not on the refill, but on the discord channel where I said that I don't think we should be holding up the merge or at least kind of like going slower on the merge because maybe 10% of the network has issues during the test nets. Like I honestly think that we should focus on execution layer client diversity post merge when there's a lot less pressure to ship these things. And we just need to get the merge out of the way because the merge is those that foundation that we need in order to ship all these massive upgrades we have coming such as proto dang sharding, which is going to obviously be very beneficial to layer twos. And that's the value end users will get out of the core protocol updates. The merge itself, as I've explained plenty of times has really no effect on on pretty much like all end users. What has an effect is what comes after that. So I really hope we can move faster than I hope it doesn't slow down just because it's a bear market. I don't think it has I haven't seen any indication that it has. But I've seen some people calling for this, whether that be ironically or truthfully, you know, I'm not totally sure. But for anyone calling for this truthfully, I don't think it's the right way to go about it. I think that things should be shipped when they when they're kind of like ready, and they should be shipped as fast as possible. And as safely as possible, of course, regardless of market condition doesn't matter if it's a bull or bear market, you know, the funny thing is, we shipped the beacon chain, or at least we got the bulk of the work of the beacon chain done, or pretty much all of it done in the bear market. And we shipped the beacon chain when it was only at $600. Like, obviously, it had had come up a lot from its $100 that it was at in March of that year. But at the same time, like you could still consider it kind of like pretty far away from all time high. Pretty, pretty depressed still from where we were. But I think that we can just do the merge, like do the merge now, like if it is at 1k, when we do the merge, I mean, not now, obviously, but when we do the merge, who cares, right? We're laying the foundations and then over time that will get priced in along with all the other upgrades that we have coming. But it's not even about things getting priced in. I want to see proto dank sharding live because I want to see layer twos kind of benefit from subset transaction fees because I for me, what I don't know if scares me is the right word. But my main concern is that we take too long to ship something like proto dank sharding, the layer twos aren't as cheap as they can be. And then we have another bull market or have another influx of users. And we just have to deal with the same fight again around kind of like, you know, theorems too expensive, roll ups too expensive. Ethereum is a scam, blah, blah, all these sorts of stuff, right? I like I don't want to have to deal with that again. So I'm all for getting these stuff kind of like shipped faster and out there and I'm quite confident we will like I, as I've said before, I don't think that the merge is happening in August, but I'm pretty sure it's going to happen in September. Still, nothing's changed there. There isn't all called dev school today, I believe. So we might get some more kind of like insight out of that. And obviously the next public test nets coming up. But in terms of shipping speed yet, bull or bad should be the kind of like same speed then. So yeah, those are the kind of like the reasons why I'm bullish on the bear market, or at least the main reasons. Obviously, I'm also bullish because I get to buy a that kind of like cheaper prices. Again, that's obviously a thing that I think a lot of people are doing right now. But when it comes to just general bullishness, it's got less to do with the price and more to do with the fundamental side of things. And honestly, just being able to settle into like a comfy bear market, maybe it lasts a year, right from from here, maybe we can just settle in without all this noise, we can focus on what matters. And we can actually just have like a really nice ecosystem and really calm ecosystem before the craziness begins again, because I'll be honest, like I was talking to a friend about this. I obviously experienced all the 2018 2019 bear market, it was pretty brutal, but it was calm. And it was kind of like it was easy for for people to kind of like get stuff done. And it was quiet. And obviously, I really enjoyed the bull market of 2020. I enjoyed the five summer, I enjoyed the bull market right up until I think, February, March 2021. And that's when I started getting really burnt out on it. Because that's when dogecoin started pumping that we had a massive influx of all these new people that that kind of came in all this noise, it was craziness. And, you know, at that point, for me, I just become super exhausted by it. And then pretty much the remainder of 21 was the same. I was just like, okay, well, this is just super exhausting, obviously remained bullish on ether doesn't change. But I was just really exhausted by it. So now get to recharge our batteries a bit in this bear market, and set ourselves up for another bull market, because it's always going to happen in cycles like this, at least for the foreseeable future. But yeah, hopefully we can get we can kind of like have a better ethereum for people to use next time we get a massive influx of users, that is definitely going to rely on something like, you know, proto dang sharding being implemented, which can only happen after the merge. So you know, the merge at this point is bullish as I am on it. And as monumental as an achievement it is, it's kind of this thing that we need to just get out of the way so we can actually focus on all that other stuff that I've spoken about before. But anyway, I'm gonna leave it at that. Alright, next up on the agenda, we have another tweet that I kind of like put out today where I said, stop blaming centralized companies for adhering to nation state regulations that don't have a choice in the matter. If you want these regulations to change, then you can change them by educating representatives and voting for the ones who are friendly to crypto. And on top of this, you can also just use the fire applications. But let me give some context here. So Coinbase in the EU, there's a new law that's coming into place on Monday, I believe in the EU, that requires centralized exchanges to, I guess, basically ask their users for proof that they own and address that they're withdrawing crypto to. Now, I think there was a few months ago, some of these kind of like regulation floating around, and people kind of like, looking at it and saying, okay, well, you know, this is probably gonna going to be implemented at some point, but we didn't know when. Well, apparently, in the EU, it's being implemented on on Monday, I think from my reading, which is obviously not fun. But I think it's a bit of regulation theater, because the exchanges already know what address that you kind of, I guess, send the funds through. But I think this might just be step one of the tightening here and the regulations that we're going to be seeing. You can imagine a world where if your address that you're depositing into a centralized exchange has interacted with any kind of thing that the centralized exchange or the government considers to be shady, and the word shady is up for interpretation here, then they may bar that from from kind of like happening, or they may freeze your funds. Same on the withdrawal side, like if you're withdrawing to an address that is interacted with something like tornado cash, maybe the exchange will say, Well, no, you can't withdraw here. There are ways to get around this, I guess. But still, these aren't good regulations. And I've told you guys this, this, this kind of stuffs coming, unfortunately. So, you know, and I really hope that it can get walked back or can get improved. I really hope it just kind of like stops where it is because I mean, I don't think it's a huge deal that you have to give extra information to them to prove that you're on the address because they already have all the information, right? You're already KYC with them. And at the same time, they already know your address, right? It's just making their lives easier because they now have new reporting obligations. But if it goes beyond that, and as I explained, if it goes to the point where I just kind of like outline what can happen, that's where it gets a lot worse and a lot more scary. But again, like this is the reason why we're building decentralized tools. This is the reason why we're trying to kind of like, I guess, disrupt decentralized exchanges and make them irrelevant. But the thing is, is that it's kind of impossible to build a decentralized exchange for a fiat on ramp like, and if you try to use it to get shut down really, really quickly by by the relevant authorities here. And again, as I said in my tweet, don't blame Coinbase or you know, any of these other centralized exchanges for just following the law like that's, that's, it's not fair, I don't think because it's not like Coinbase is doing this because they want to do this. They're doing it because they're legally required to do it. I'm sure Coinbase would love to not have to do any of this sort of stuff, because it would mean that they could bring their costs down because compliance costs a lot, right? They have a lot of lawyers on board, they have a lot of people that they need to say these regulations, they need to enforce them a lot of compliance people, and that all adds up. I'm sure Coinbase would love to not have to worry about this, but they do and they legally obligated to do this. And if they don't, they start they can suffer from massive fines, you know, potentially jail time for executives, things like that. It depends how far how far it goes. But you know, you get my kind of like idea there. So don't blame them. Blame the politicians, vote for better politicians, depending where you are, vote for the ones that are friendly to crypto. That's the only way you can change this in a democratic system. Obviously, if it's not a democratic system, it's probably going to be a lot harder to change. But if you have faith in your country's democratic process, well, then you should be voting for representatives that are friendly to crypto, and they will push a crypto friendly regulation legislation through in whatever I guess like if you have a house or a Senate or whatever it is, or a parliament or something like that, whatever it is in the country that you're in. That's the way to kind of like change it here. So yeah, just wanted to kind of like make a note on that one. Alright, so just a reminder here, if you haven't upgraded your Ethereum execution layer nodes, you have around five days to do so before the gray glacier hard fork goes through now, Mario's here shared a pie chart that you can kind of actually look at yourself at Ethan nodes.org. This shows how many clients upgraded right now to the gray glacier fork. When he screenshotted this, it was 32% were ready, but actually I checked it just today. And now 48% are ready. So so half the network that's not ready. But typically, what we see is that most people upgrade within 24 hours of the hard fork. And then there might be like 15 or 20% of the network that is stragglers. And then they kind of like get kicked off, and they realize that their node falls over and like, Oh, crap, I got to upgrade. So they go ahead and upgrade. And as I said before, the gray glacier hard fork, literally all it does is push back the difficulty bomb by about two to three months to give us more time to ship the merge without the block times getting you know, really, really long due to the difficulty bomb. So if you are running an eighth execution layer node, go and upgrade it. It's a simple process. All the links are available to you on the blog post link to from Marius, I'll link it in the YouTube description below. Very simple to do I actually actually synced to new nethermind nodes over the past few days, such a simple process now. And it takes like so much less time because they have these snap sync and fast syncs and things like that, which is really, really cool. So yeah, definitely go go kind of like upgrade your nodes. Alright, so Franzi here has shared a I guess like blog, blog post forum post on the DevCon forum about where people would like to see DevCon seven so people can submit location suggestions here for next year's DevCon. This year's DevCon obviously is already decided on it is going to be happening in Bogota and Columbia. That's DevCon six. Unfortunately, I don't think I'm going to be able to make it to that. I would love to be able to make it to to DevCon but I don't think I'll be able to because DevCon is I believe the biggest eight it's definitely the biggest eighth conference of the year but I believe it's the biggest just crypto conference of the year and I'm I'm curious to see how big DevCon six is because the first DevCon since 2019. But yeah, I don't think I'm going to be able to make it there. It's in October. But anyway, regardless of that DevCon seven there's already been a bunch of locations kind of like put forward. One of the popular ones is about a Belgrade I think Belgrade. Belgrade sorry, Belgrade. Belgrade is a place in Victoria and where I live, Belgrade in Serbia. So this has been put forward by a bunch of people. It's kind of looking like the fan favorite right now. But yeah, you can put forward your own I guess suggestion on this forum and this is kind of like a bunch of criteria you need to follow. I guess you can see the one here from Afri. I put forward Belgrade in Serbia. It's kind of like you know, what what's what's like the entry for this country like like is it easy for people to enter? What's the safety like? What's the weather like? What's you know, what's the city like? What are the venues like blah blah blah? And it seems Serbia definitely ticks all the all the boxes that we would like to see and I personally love to visit Serbia but I'm sure there'll be other locations that kind of get put forward here. I'm not expecting anyone to suggest Australia unfortunately. I mean, I would I would say let's have it in Melbourne. That'd be really awesome because I think Melbourne is probably the perfect location for it. But the only thing that lets Melbourne down is how far it is from everywhere else right? Like it's super far from Europe and the US and that automatically kills most of the the Ethereum community off. Like obviously Asia is closer but still not that close. I mean, I think the flight from from Singapore to Australia is still maybe 11 hours or something like that. So it's not exactly close and then you've got the time zone difference and all that sort of stuff. So I'm not expecting a DevCon to happen or any major Ethereum conference to happen in Australia unfortunately. But I'm willing to travel. I'll go to Serbia for a DevCon. But yeah, if you want to suggest a location definitely do so in the forum here. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so Coinbase announced today that they are, well at least over the next month, going to be allowing eligible Coinbase customers to send and receive Eth, Matic and USDC on the Polygon POS chain and USDC on Celina here. So it's really cool to see them supporting Polygon here. They obviously said a while ago that they want to support the Polygon POS chain that was going to be the first Ethereum scaling solution that they support. But they also want to support layer two. So I'm hoping that you know, Optimism, Arbitrum, all these other layer twos are what's coming next year. Because I think Coinbase promised this maybe a year ago at this point, or maybe maybe a little bit less than a year, but it's been a while. So the fact that it's taken them this long, like come on guys, let's do it right? Stop listing shitcoins and more L2 integrations. I want to see that. But yeah, credit where it's due. I'm glad that they have supported Polygon's POS chain here, hoping to see them support Arbitrum and kind of like Optimism and other layer two networks. I think the important point here is that these exchanges, they don't have to support these networks for every single asset. Like just supporting Eth, the native asset of the network and like a stable coin is fine. Because I mean, even just supporting Eth would be fine. Like just being able to withdraw Eth from Coinbase to, you know, Arbitrum, Optimism, Polygon, POS chain. And then on those networks, you can just swap that Eth for whatever you want to swap it for, would be really, really simple to do. Like, I don't see why they have to support everything. And you know, it's a lot less overhead for them, a lot less liquidity concerns for them. So I don't think they're going to be supporting most tokens. I think they're just going to be supporting the major ones, like Eth, the native tokens, such as Matic or OP and a stable coin. I'm hoping they support more than just USDC. Obviously, they're supporting USDC because they have a large stake in it, but I'd like them to support at least DAI as well. That'd be really cool to see. But yeah, still cool to see them supporting Polygon, hopefully other layer twos or additional kind of like Ethereum scaling solutions are coming sooner rather than later. All right. So John here shared an announcement today where he said, major announcement, a European nation is embracing public Ethereum. The Norwegian government just announced that they are releasing a solution on public Ethereum, a cap tables platform for unlisted companies. Now this platform will actually be on Arbitrum, not on Ethereum layer one, which is very, very cool. So obviously Arbitrum is faster and cheaper to transact with as kind of like John notes here. And I guess like the Norwegian government will be using a bunch of different solutions here, such as the ERC 1400 standard. They'll be using ceramic, the ceramic network for personal data, which is cool to see because obviously the EU privacy regulation, GDP are a dictator, right to be forgotten and for legacy and backend for legacy backend and web two developers to be able to understand and use the platform and SDK is also available. This is cool. I like the fact that the Norwegian government is forward looking here. I love the fact that they're using Arbitrum like instead of just the theorem layer one, obviously that would be too expensive for them, but the fact that they're using a layer two is really bullish in my eyes. So really cool to see this. Hopefully we get more information about this and kind of like see more activity on the chain or like how this is going to kind of play out here, but really, really cool. And I guess like congrats to the Norwegian government and being progressive enough to use an Ethereum layer two, I think maybe this is a first a government using an Ethereum layer two. I'm not totally sure on that one, but it's definitely one of the first. All right. So Joseph DeLong here had a really funny tweet where he's, it's like a tweet thread. He started it by saying the Dow run lemonade stand little Jimmy's pouring glasses of lemonade for 50 cents each, which costs him 10 cents in materials. Meanwhile, there are 1000 lemonade stand token holders crowded around the lemonade stand, typing how to run the lemonade stand into the discord. And then it continues that they with a bunch of different examples that you may have seen if you've been in any kind of like Dow before. And essentially what Joe DeLong is saying here is that Dow's as they exist today, at least the majority of them are really shit, right? Because the fact that you have people like a, like a person or a team trying to run a protocol, trying to do something, and then you have all these token holders, like thousands of them in the discord channel, yelling at the team to do things to drive value to the token, because the token, you know, probably probably went down in value, especially during a bear market is just not a way to do doubt. It is not a way to do governance. It is noisy. There's zero, like basically zero signal in it. And it's super annoying for the developers themselves. And Joe DeLong gives a bunch of different kind of like examples here of what people, what people would ask for. A discord VIP user says that little Jimmy should take the 40 cent profit from each couple of lemonade salt and use it to buy four fifth of a cup of lemonade. This will surely keep lemonade off the market and create a lemonade sink to drive up the value of lemonade. Next, before any lemonade is sold a genius foreign poster named zero X Krypton suggests that little Jimmy launch his lemonade stand on his friend's sidewalk across town. So this is obviously saying launch your, I guess app on another chain, right? Zero X Krypton says he only has to use different cups, switch the chocolate milk and drive 45 minutes to his sidewalk where there is no foot traffic, but zero X Krypton will pay him $50 in Krypton. The token to move zero X Krypton thinks this will bring foot traffic to his sidewalk. Again, we haven't seen the liquidity mining programs and incentives for people to move to other chains and Joe continues in this thread. You can give it a rate. It's a pretty funny thread here. And I basically said a comment now. Yes, but when Binance, right? People are always asked that in the discord channel as well, but this is kind of like a very tongue in cheek way of just showing how broken current Dow governance is and how it really does need to change. Like that doesn't need to be a thousand people kind of like talking about every little decision and a thousand people yelling at the developers to do something to drive value to the token, literally saying, you know, can devs do something is just broken. Like, could you imagine thousands of Apple shareholders berating Apple in kind of like their community, like Slack or in the kind of like employee Slack about the Apple token price going to the price share price going down, right. And the Apple kind of like devs have to do something that doesn't happen. There's a layout, there's a separation layer there where the big Apple shareholders can definitely, I guess, like get in contact with the executives, right. And kind of like talk to them, especially if there's a, there's like a structural issue that they see and they can give feedback and things like that. But it's not like just any kind of person who owns a few shares in Apple can jump into the Apple Slack channel, whatever they use for internal chat and yell at all the devs to drive more value to the Apple shares price. So we shouldn't be doing this in crypto, like at all. So I think that discords can exist. You know, you can do a decentralized kind of like a governance approach, but at the end of the day, I think teams have to be more aggressive with how they manage these sorts of things. If, if someone is in the discord channel, all they're doing is talking about driving value to the token, doing this, that, and coming up with crazy ideas, put them in a corner, let them talk to themselves. And the devs should be able to like, not ignore those people, but like, let those people talk amongst themselves and just focus on the, you know, something that's at least important. And that actually makes sense rather than these esoteric ideas. And I know some people will say, Oh, that goes against the ideals of decentralization. We can't do that. We're trying to build decentralized finance and decentralized organizations here. It's like, guys, like I get it. I get it. And I'm all for it. But like, especially in early stage, kind of like dowels and early stage projects, you cannot have this happening there. It just burns the team out. It makes people leave. It makes it will not want to work on the project anymore. And it just literally achieves absolutely nothing. So I don't know, go give this thread a read from Jared along. I'm here. Curious to hear if you guys agree with me on this. You guys have probably been a part of different discords before and seeing how it shakes out. I certainly have been, it is not good. I've been a part of some where the token prices come down 90% over time, and it turns into such a toxic mess that literally doesn't have anything to do with the product or the community or the project anymore. All it's got to do with is saving the bag holders, which is not going to happen, right? Like the devs, most of the time can't do anything to pump the token. If the project's not, doesn't have product market fit. So how about, you know, making the product good, making the product better, making people actually want to use the product rather than trying to pump the token with all these kinds of like esoteric ideas. That would be a better idea, right? But I think a lot of people don't see that because they're underwater on their investment, especially if they're down 90% and they like, Oh my God, I need to make my money back. And they trying to kind of go to the devs and be like, make, you know, you make my money back for me. It's like such a mess guys. Like anyway, I'm going to leave it at that. I'm actually going to talk about a Dow that just launched today. Funny enough, oil a Dow, which is now live. So starting today, community members can claim any available oil tokens or EUL tokens from previous epics, select the delegate on the delegates page and participate in the future of decentralized finance. So for those of you who don't know, oil or finance is a money market on Ethereum disclosure. I'm an investor in them, but they went live today. Their token is actually now trading as well because of this down. You do have an airdrop available to claim if you're eligible for it. So you can definitely check that out as well there. And there's also a medium post here for you to read for more details about everything such as the distribution of the token, how the on-chain governance is going to work, how to claim all that good stuff there as well. So definitely go check this out and check out kind of like how the distribution is going to work. I actually think their distribution schedule is pretty innovative. You can see here how they've kind of like planned it out. They basically want to do a kind of like, you know, start off a bit slowly, but then quickly ramp it up and then have like a hump and then kind of like come, come down and then taper off. I think that's a really nice way to do it. I think this is kind of like how Bitcoin did it right. Where from like, and for what proof of work networks do from the start is that they kind of like have a lot of the tokens apply, just get out there really, really quickly. Just get it out there, get the market used to all these tokens flooding the market. And yes, it may not be good for short-term price, but longer term will be better because at least a lot of the tokens circulating. The problem with most tokens today is that most of them aren't circulating and it just leads to years and years worth of unlocks that lead to years and years worth of sell pressure. And then token just can't do anything, even if the product's good, like, you know, you know what I mean? So yeah, anyway, I'm not going to talk too much about the token for Foilia because as I said, I'm an investor, so it's a bit of a conflict there of interest. But definitely check them out. I'm an investor for a reason. I think what they're building is really, really cool. Permissionless money markets and especially more innovation in that area is always something that I look out for. So really, really awesome to see. All right. So Fuel Labs announced today that they have introduced something called SwaySwap, which they're calling a blazingly fast decentralized exchange running on the Fuel DevNet. Fast and easy to use, SwaySwap is a Uniswap-style exchange built in Sway language and running on the UTXO-based FuelVM with no contention. So Fuel is another layer two on Ethereum. You may not have heard of them. They've been quiet for a little while, but they are kind of like launching the SwaySwap product on DevNet. So you can kind of go kind of check out this blog post and play around with it if you would like here and check it out on GitHub as well. And then in the comments, Nick Dodson here from Fuel Labs has said that there is a public roadmap for Fuel V2 main net on its way. And you can join the Discord as well to kind of get some alpha there. So very cool to see another layer two product live. Fuel is a bit different, very different, I think, from other layer twos in the fact that they're using a UTXO-based model, which is Bitcoin's kind of like accounting model. And funny enough is Cardano's accounting model as well. But a UTXO-based model makes sense on kind of like layer two when built correctly and doesn't really make sense on kind of like layer one. So I'm curious to see how it fares though with kind of like Fuel and how they build it out, how they make it work. But good to see more innovation happening here. Very excited to see this and how it evolves. All right, so Zigzag Exchange has published, I guess, like a full breakdown of what their tokenomics looks like and the token distribution looks like today, as well as IDO details. I'm going to be honest, guys, I love Zigzag, but this distribution is fucking horrendous. Like I'm just going to straight up like Treasury 57%, IDO 2%, Team 30%, Insurance Fund 10% and Strategic Partners 1%. Like they didn't even do an airdrop here. I know that they said they're going to do an airdrop based on what Community says and all these sorts of stuff here. But holy shit, guys, like that's a big team allocation too, like 30%. No investors here, right? So maybe they're just kind of like accounting for that. But 30% team is huge. And Treasury, I mean, that's just a meme at this point. And then 2% in the IDO is also a bit like, okay, right? And then no details on the airdrop. Yeah, I don't think this is a great distribution. And I don't think the investing on the team tokens is great either. It's investing over only two years and linear investing too, starting November 2022 here. So I don't know, I feel like team investing needs to be four to five years minimum, honestly, guys. Like I don't think two years is enough. So yeah, I mean, I said, I love zigzag. I use it all the time. Like, I've been a supporter of them, but I'm not going to just kind of like say that this token distribution is good. I'm not going to sugarcoat here. I think that's actually pretty bad. And I think the Community agrees with this as well. You know, everyone's saying, you know, no airdrop and like the unlock start like very, very soon. Kind of like, this is disappointing to see, you know, clown emoji, Carrie Gensler picture. So people aren't happy with this. And I'm sure our resident airdrop expert MZY in the Deligay Discord channel is going to absolutely blast this. And you know what, he's justified for blasting this one because I agree with him. This one is not a good distribution. I hope they change it. I hope they take Community feedback on board and take my feedback on board to change this because this is not going to lead to anything good for them. If they want to try and decentralize their protocol out, it's not going to lead to good governance. It's not going to lead to a good DAO. It's going to lead to basically people not using it because they kind of really, especially because they're the early kind of like supporters and users, they're going to really hate this kind of like token distribution here. So yeah, that's my honest opinion. If anyone in the Zigzag team that's listening to this, like, I'm not trying to attack Zigzag or attack you personally or anything like that. But you know, this is one of the worst, not the worst, one of the more like, what's the word I'm looking for? I don't know how to say this. I'm kind of like getting jumbled up in my words, but this is kind of like definitely not one of the best token distributions that I've seen. And I hope that you guys change it. Like I get giving 30% of the team, you don't have investors, things like that, but give more to the community. Give like more in an airdrop. Treasury is a meme. Like if you're giving 30% to yourselves and you have decentralized governance and you start vesting really, really early on, you know, in November of this year and then you'll defacto have control over the treasury anyway. Like the insurance fund too. Strategic partners, 1%, IDO 2%. And then like, you see what I'm saying here, right? Like the team is going to have most of the control of the treasury anyway. So it just doesn't do anything for decentralization of the protocol. But anyway, I'm going to, I'm going to leave it at that because I've been going on about it too much here. And I just, yeah, I just, because I love Zigzag as a product, I don't want them to fail just because they did a shitty token distribution. That's why I'm pretty fired up about this. So yeah, definitely hoping to see something change here and that they listened to their, to the community on this one. All right, finally here, just quickly, either scan has introduced two new features to the either scan watch list. You can now watch ERC 721 and ERC 1 1 5 5 token transfers, which are obviously the NFT standards for tokens. So you can go into the settings of watch list and track a ERC 20, ERC 721 and ERC 1155 tokens, if you'd like to do so, just putting that on your radar for anyone who uses that feature. But I think that's going to be it for today. So thank everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet give it a thumbs up, subscribe to newsletter, join the discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Well, not tomorrow, actually, it's the weekend next week. Thanks, everyone.