 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Delegrae Refuel. Where we capture the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, The End and the News Designer, on Thursday 15th of August 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So a lot to go through today. The weekend was quite eventful. There is a lot of, I guess you could call it, drama. A lot of things being talked about right now in the fallout of the tornado cache stuff that we saw last week. Now I did obviously touch on the tornado cache stuff last week, but there's been a lot that happened over the weekend that I want to go over. And I want to start with this tweet that I put out, which is my main conclusion from all of this. So I said, I think the main conclusion I've come to from recent events is that Ethereum is more of a concern to governments and nation states than Bitcoin is. The implications of this will define the next few years of this industry. And I think this is a really important point, not just because I said it, I've seen other people say similar things, but I think it's really important to understand that Bitcoin is no longer the battleground of crypto, right? I believe it's Ethereum, and this is obviously by virtue of the fact that Ethereum can do a lot more than Bitcoin can. But there is no kind of like attacks or sanctions happening on Bitcoin related apps, for example, right? From things built on Bitcoin, because you can't build things on Bitcoin. There have been addresses sanctioned in the past and there has been kind of like mixes shut down and stuff like that, but not in the way that we've seen with tornado cache. So tornado cache built on Ethereum is more of a threat to, I guess, like the US government's interests than Bitcoin is, which I think is a pretty profound thing to kind of like just take in there and take on board. Now, because of this, I don't think tornado cache is going to be the last thing that threatens the government's and nation states' interest. I actually have never viewed Ethereum as something that was kind of like Bitcoin, where it's like, oh, you know, we kind of like really hate all the governments around the world. We think the world's going to end, fiat's going to collapse, all this sorts of stuff. I never viewed Ethereum as like a doomer network, like what Bitcoin kind of tends to position itself as. I always viewed Ethereum as a more optimistic kind of network where we build things, we build better things and we build things that give people more freedom. Now, obviously, that freedom is being challenged with all the censorship that we're seeing. I think people really underestimate how important it is that blockchains, I guess, like keep their censorship resistant properties, because if they don't have that, then they're kind of useless, right? Like if a blockchain just becomes somewhere where we have all these lists that have to be censored, all these addresses, all these applications that have to be censored on the whims of kind of like a government, then it's really just fintech 2.0 or TradFi 2.0. It's not really what we're trying to build here. But I also think that a lot of people are getting the wrong idea about things because they're not separating out the concerns. They're actually bucketing everything into one kind of like bucket. And just because like a front end senses something, it means Ethereum is not censorship resistant anymore at the protocol level. And I think that's a wrong way of looking at it. So there are multiple levels to censorship resistance in Ethereum, right? Obviously, if you go from bottom to top, it would be the Ethereum protocol itself, the miners and the validators, obviously, in a post-merge world. That is the, I guess, like this first line of defense, or I guess, depending how you look at it, last line of defense, right? That is the bottom of kind of like a list here. And then you can go up a level to the smart contracts built on Ethereum. Then you can go to the middleware that sits between the smart contracts and the front ends. Then you can go to the front ends. Then you can go to the assets as well. The assets that interact with these sorts of things. The RPCs as well, I guess like the RPCs would probably be above the, sorry, just above the protocol before the smart contracts, because you would need the RPC to interact with the smart contracts. But I think it's kind of weird because RPC, I guess, could be considered in middleware. So you would have that like where that oracles are maybe on the side. But I guess the ordering of it doesn't really matter too much. It's just recognizing that there are multiple layers here. There's not just one layer that you, okay, well, this layer got censored. It means everything's censored. No. Now, what are the example of each of these things? Well, on the Ethereum protocol layer, for there to be censorship, it would require miners and validators to purposely be blocking transactions or manually kind of like dropping transactions and not confirming them due to a government order. So for example, this would be the miners basically saying, well, we're not going to process any transactions that touch tornado cash because tornado cash is on the kind of like OFAC list of sanctions in the US. Then at the smart contract level, it would be the smart contracts themselves having censorship built in. So for example, you could have a DeFi app that basically has the smart contracts, but says, okay, well, we're not going to allow this address or this address to interact with our smart contracts, right, our protocol. So that's smart contract level censorship. Then you have the RPCs themselves, which are basically nodes you talk to, to relay your transactions. They can do the same thing that miners and validators do where they basically say, well, we're going to drop your transactions. We're not going to let you get them into the, I guess, like mempool because you're sanctioned or we just kind of like don't like you or some whatever reason, right? They reserve the right to, I guess, like have their reasons there. Then you have the oracles, of course. So for example, if I mean, Chainlink, for example, wanted to, they could say, well, we're not going to serve our oracles to such and such or such and such, right? That's oracle level censorship there. Then you have front ends, which I think we're most acutely aware of because pretty much all the front ends seem to be sticking to this kind of like censorship that they did on the sanctions side of things. And that basically just means that the front end doesn't let you access the kind of like backend that it's talking to. So for example, actually I have a perfect example here of myself actually, sassle.eth being blocked from the official Aave front end because I had 0.1 ETH sent to my wallet via tornado cache from that troll that was kind of like sending it to people. So I wasn't able to access the Aave front end, which means I wasn't able to use the Aave front end to talk to the smart contracts. Now that doesn't mean that the smart contracts were blocking me, the RPC wasn't blocking me, nothing else was blocking me. It was just the front end here. And obviously you can use other front ends and you can even track the smart contracts directly as well. So it's not like you're censored on every single level. I just got censored on one level and this has since been reversed. I think they kind of like removed everyone off that list and aren't blocking anyone right now. But yeah, I mean this is an example of a front end kind of like censorship that kind of like happens here. So there are multiple levels here guys. Like it's not just the one kind of like one all-encompassing thing. I think that's where a lot of nuance gets lost. The biggest concern people have when it comes to censorship is censorship at the protocol layer because there's no other layers, right? Like there's nothing else we can do. I mean there is technically a social layer that would come, I guess like just below the protocol layer. But the social layer itself only has so much power. Like you could basically say, well, you know, you could condemn the action. You could basically, I guess like signal to them that you're not going to use the app. You're not going to do this, you're not going to do that, right? So that definitely plays a big part in it. And I think, I mean, it all starts from the social layer anyway. But protocol level kind of censorship is really bad because it basically means that the kind of like transactions, no matter what you do, will not be able to get into the mempool. You won't be able to get those transactions processed because you've been censored either via sanctions or some other kind of like, or some other kind of entities is censoring you. So that is like the end game right there. And that's what everyone is very concerned about. Now there is a kind of like thing here that Flashbots, which is kind of like a relay for MEV related transactions, they have a software called MEV Boost, and they actually put the OFAC blacklist on this software that basically said, well, if anyone is trying to interact with the tornado cache addresses, then don't process those transactions. Now, this is, I would guess like a middleware. MEV Boost can be considered a middleware that bolts onto a validator or bolts onto a miner that allows them to do MEV related things. Putting a blacklist there, especially if it's enabled by default, and it's kind of like an opt-out thing rather than opt-in thing is really concerning because this is protocol level, well, protocol layer censorship. That's kind of like going on here. Now you can see here that Mike O'Zoltu basically put together a pull request saying, you know, let's remove this blacklist because it doesn't really make any sense to have this in there. I think that if you want to have a blacklist in there, you just should do it as like an opt-in thing. It shouldn't be an opt-out thing. So it should be a conscious decision of the, I guess, validators or of the kind of like people that are using MEV Boost to opt into something like this. So that's, I guess, like something that I'll link in the YouTube description for you to check out the discussion here. But that's another way that these things can happen where you have these kind of like middleware protocols like MEV Boost that can affect protocol layer censorship. And on that front as well, there was a tweet here, I believe, from a one-way function related to this where they said, you know, the law around the sanctions is very simple. It requires no US person or company to do business with tornado cash. Relaying transactions that you did not initiate is not doing business with tornado cash. Verifying that a transaction is mathematically valid is not doing business with tornado cash. People are just freaking out for no reason. And this speaks to a lot of what we've seen, I guess, over the last few days where the front ends especially have been going above and beyond to do things that aren't actually legally required of them to do. As one-way function said here, there is no legal obligation for these front ends to be censoring like this. They just have to basically not do business with, well, no US person technically do business with tornado cash, the sanctioned addresses. But as you can see, when I got blocked from Aave, it was because I had received funds from tornado cash. It wasn't the kind of like address that was sanctioned because my address wasn't sanctioned by the US. So why am I blocked? And as one-way function says, yeah, just relaying transactions that you did not initiate is not doing business with tornado cash. So we're actually shooting ourselves in the foot here, which I'm pretty disappointed in. I feel like there's a lot of fight at the social layer. There's a lot of people who care deeply about censorship resistance and maintaining the values of Ethereum. But then there's kind of like this push-pull to it where we're pushing that info out into the world. But the people that are kind of like running these front ends and stuff like that, they're just going above and beyond. Now, whether this is based on, I guess, advice that they're getting from their lawyers, which probably are extremely conservative, or whether this is just them being like, well, I'm in the US, I don't want to risk anything, I don't want to go to jail for 30 years, because the penalties are quite steep, right? The OFAC-related penalties, I mean, it's up to 30 years in federal prison or it is massive fines or both, right? So you obviously don't want to get on the wrong side of that. But going above and beyond like this is what I was talking about last week at that chilling effect where all the OFAC needed to do was sanction these addresses and suddenly they've been able to kind of like, in a matter of a few days, get people censoring the front ends, get people talking about censoring at the protocol layer, all right? And get having Flashbots put in an OFAC blacklist. Like, guys, like this is, as I said, literally shooting ourselves in the foot. So it's not something that we should even be entertaining. And I'm like, honestly, if I was to say what I'm most disappointed about, it's that. It's not the sanctions themselves, it's the fact that we rolled over so easily. And I don't believe it's like a kind of a fundamental kind of like thing. I don't believe it is a systemic thing. I don't believe that it's something that we can't recover from. But I'm kind of disappointed. And I think it's because up until this point, we haven't really had any of this kind of like attention. Ethereum has existed in kind of a bubble. The most attention that we've had is probably from the SEC, which is a different beast altogether and a whole different kind of topic of discussion altogether. But I think now that the final boss is here, now that nation states have shown that they'll make these moves, well, it's time for us to get serious about, you know, kind of like a sense of resistance across all stacks, like not just the protocol layer, but the whole thing like the oracles, the RPCs, the finance, we need to be doing a lot more here to ensure that we kind of like uphold that censorship resistance that we all claim to care about. Right. Because at the end of the day, we can claim whatever we want. But if the tech doesn't actually reflect the values, that doesn't mean anything. And there was a tweet, actually a poll just before that I kind of like voted on that asked, you know, if there was protocol level censorship as a permanent thing in Ethereum, would that mean Ethereum failed? And I mean, absolutely, it would mean Ethereum failed. I would actually personally leave the Ethereum ecosystem if that happened, if it was a permanent thing. Because if, as I said at the beginning, if you don't have censorship resistance, especially at the base layer, then what the hell is the point of a blockchain? At the end of the day, like you could just use a database. Like I'm not here to recreate the traditional system. I'm not here to create TradFi 2.0. I'm here to create something new, something that gives more freedom to people. So as I said, like I would leave the Ethereum ecosystem if there was permanent censorship at the base layer. Now, thankfully, this is something that's been spoken about and thought about for years. This is not something new. We've all been aware of the censorship risks within kind of like blockchains for a very long time. Now, because of that, there are solutions. So you have heard me talk about Proposer Builder or PBS separation or PBS before. This is a way to kind of like affect or at least make it harder to do censorship resistance at the protocol layer. And then this could be coupled with something like CR list, which stands for censorship resistant list. Now, I'm going to link both of these in the YouTube description for you to check out yourselves. I'm not going to go through them today, but the TRDR is basically what PBS does. It separates the Proposer from the Builder. So you have a specialized builder network and then you have a Proposer. So the kind of the concerns are separated. So the Proposer just proposes blocks. The Builders just build blocks instead of the validators as they exist today doing both. Then you could have deniability over what you're proposing to, but the censorship moves to the builders in that case. And to rectify that problem, you use something like CR lists, which is basically a list of kind of like ways to do censorship resistance here. So I mean, I recommend kind of like reading this for more information on this because it's definitely a very nuanced thing, but these are the things that we've been working on. On top of, I guess, like the social layer, the social pushing, which I think is very important, on top of DVT or distributed validated technology to make staking more decentralized, on top of decentralized staking pools, on top of the in protocol things such as kind of like slashing. But the problem is that you can't slash for censorship unless the network comes together to do it in a social way. Censorship is actually the thing that is hardest to defend against because of that. Like it's a subjective thing. So for example, if at the protocol layer, if the whole protocol or most of the protocol says, well, we're going to start censoring this address. Say they start censoring me for whatever reason. They say, we're not going to process any transactions coming from sassle.eth and they start doing that at the base layer. To kind of like get around that is extremely subjective because I would have to convince everyone to basically say, hey, I'm being censored. Can you slash these people that are censoring me so we can get the network back to normal so I can stop being censored? No one's going to do that. Like not even for, I mean, I don't even think people would do it for someone like Vitalik, right? Like obviously there are kind of like different people with different kind of like levels of kind of like awareness around them. But like any censorship at all is bad because of this, right? So and as I said, it's very hard to achieve this because you can't do, as far as I understand that you can't do objective slashing of censorship. But maybe you can, like I haven't read up on this for a little while now. I haven't checked the spec itself, but from my understanding you couldn't do that. And that was always the main concern. That's why things like PBS came out. That's why it's been so important to decentralize staking so that not a small handful of entities hasn't enough stake to begin censoring people. So there's that. And there's also other things. There's one here from Martin Koppelman who said, there is something called the shatterized beacon chain, which is a concept that allows people to optionally encrypt transactions and get them included into the chain before the content is visible to anyone. I greatly improved sensitive resistance and reduces malicious MEV. This is another thing actually that I tweeted about. I may have skipped over the tweet. I think it was here. Yes. So this is related to what I tweeted about where I said, I've been against base layer privacy for Ethereum in the past, but I'm slowly coming around to it, if only to enable validators to have complete deniability over which transactions they process. So in this kind of like world, if Ethereum had base layer privacy, where no one could see what the transactions contained, you could basically say to any authorities, Hey, like, okay, yes, I'm a validator. I validated these kind of like transactions in this block, but I don't know what they are. Like no one can prove what they are. Like not even the authorities could say this is a malicious transaction because it's completely private. There's no way to know what they are. Right. So there is actual plausible deniability. But the reason I've been against the base layer privacy is because of the fact that it makes discovering bugs and exploits harder. It kind of like, it definitely opens up the attack surface a bit because then you have to worry about the, I guess like the encryption that's backing up the privacy and all that sorts of stuff. So you definitely kind of like introduce more riskier and more complexity into the protocol. And then Larry Sirmak actually replied and said, you know, he still thinks it's a terrible idea because it would have a drastic effect on liquidity. Many exchanges would be forced to de-list it and also on institutional investability, which are other points that I haven't hadn't considered yet, but very, very good points there. And then I think Suza Ha actually had a great reply as well saying you can add threshold cryptography to PBS without making changes to the base layer. This solves two problems at once. Builders don't get their bundle stolen by validators and validators don't know what's in a transaction until it's committed, which I said was a good middle ground. And I asked if this is something that we can do in theory today. And then Suza Ha said, you know, it's something that we can do in theory today. Flashbots has done some work in this direction, but the current idea is you, it's not a good idea to use, is to use trusted hardware rather than a threshold crypto. And then there's all these issues with trusted hardware. They've all pointed out. So you kind of like have this cat and mouse game when it comes to this sort of stuff where you kind of like, okay, well you caught the mouse and like, yes, okay, we're all going to do it. And then the mouse runs away again because there's some other kind of like thing you have to consider and all this sort of stuff around it. And I guess like that falls into what Martin Kopperman was saying here about being able to not, you know, have base layer privacy, but optionally encrypt your transactions so that they can be included in the chain before the content is visible to anyone. So these are all solutions that have been being worked on for quite a while now and have been theorized for quite a while now. So anyone that's kind of like out there, especially, I've seen a lot of the Bitcoin maximalists do this saying that like Ethereum is dead or the US government controls Ethereum or Ethereum don't care about censorship resistance and all those sorts of stuff is completely wrong. And some of them even said that we didn't see this coming. I mean, of course we did. Like I think there is a point to be made that a lot in the Ethereum ecosystem were maybe naive about it or maybe kind of like they thought it was coming much later. But there have been plenty of people in this ecosystem that have talked about this for years and have been working on solutions. It's just that those solutions, because of the fact that we thought this was going to take longer to play out, were going to come later. So maybe we speed up those solutions and maybe we get them to main net much faster now because of this. Because at the end of the day, like a nation state has, I mean, I wouldn't say they declared war on Ethereum, but they've basically made their stance clear. They are and they will not hesitate to sanction addresses on Ethereum. And we have to work around that. We have to route around that. If we don't, as I said, the end state would probably be base layer censorship and that just wouldn't be interesting to me. I would leave the Ethereum ecosystem in that case. So there's all of that. I think there is two more things. Two more things. Yeah, two more things before I talk about some merge updates. So Luke Youngblood here who set up Coinbase's staking got into this thread with Gabriel Shapiro here about Coinbase staking or US based validators kind of like doing censorship and things like that. And Luke Youngblood said, one thing you might not know is that all of Coinbase's retail Ethereum validators operate outside the US for tax purposes. So not only will they fight censorship to their last dying breath, it is a stretch for US regulators to censor transactions. Now, it's cool that the validators are outside of the US, but keep in mind two things here. One, Luke doesn't work at Coinbase anymore, right? So he doesn't really have any say over this. I'm surprised he's even allowed to say this. I would think that Coinbase would be against someone putting out this sort of signal if they're not working at the institution anymore. But he said it, right? And that's fine. I mean, I like the fact that these validators are outside the US, but it doesn't mean that Coinbase is going to kind of like not comply if a government came to them. I fully believe that they would. If a government came to them and said, hey, you're running validators. We don't care that they operate outside the US. You are a US based corporation. You are publicly trading on the NASDAQ. Sorry, on the New York Stock Exchange. You need to do this. They would probably do it or most likely do it. I don't see them fighting that to be honest. And maybe I'm wrong here, but I don't think so. And this is why it's so important to make sure that staking is distributed, like that we don't have a bunch of kind of like three or four pools that have the majority of the stake that can do whatever they want or get be compelled to do what governments want. Now there are, there is a limits to what they can do. Like I just said, censorship is something that they can do relatively easily because it's hard for, at least right now, because it's hard for us to punish that. But other than that, I mean, there is in protocol things and there's, there's slashing and stuff like that to disincentivize that. But I think also once withdrawals are enabled, you know, if kind of like staking providers start doing this, you might see a lot of people just pull out of that staking provider and saying, well, if you're going to be compelled to censor things, how can I trust you with my kind of like assets and pull out and go stake with someone else? There's also a lot of solutions around decentralized staking, such as Rocket Pool. And you have kind of like other, other centralized staking providers trying to decentralize or at least trying to kind of like distribute as much as possible. Obviously, as you guys know, Lido is not just a monolithic entity. There are, I believe 28 or 29 validator services that they use and they don't, they only have like a, I think the most one of them has is a few percent of the network. But we want to keep distributing that out. We don't want the like three or four entities to be able to, I guess, like be compelled by government. Because I think at the end of the day, I don't think that would collude. I don't think it's in their business interest to do so, but a nation state kind of like applying them to do something is the risk. And I actually wrote about this ages ago in my, in my, one of my newsletters where I said that I, the only concern I have when it comes to centralized staking and centralized staking service providers and centralized exchanges and things like that was the nation state stuff. The nation states compelling these services to do this. I had basically zero concerns over these services doing it themselves because as I said, it's a bad business choice to do it on their own, but that doesn't take away from the fact that they could be compelled to do these sorts of things. So that's why we need all those solutions that I talked about, but we also need to make sure, especially in a post withdrawal world, that we distribute stake as much as possible for the health of the network, for the health of Ethereum just overall, and especially for the health of Ether as an asset, because you know, no one's going to want to buy ETH if it's just becomes a censorship chain at the end of the day. So we have to really be kind of like cognizant of that and keep working towards all of these solutions. And just last year, I just realized I went for almost the whole episode on this today, but I think it's an important topic to be fair. Just up here, there's a screenshot or I guess like a chart, sorry, I should say shared by Albado Crypto here, where they said six degrees of tornado cash is a thing. Even crazier, while only 0.03% of addresses received ETH from tornado cash, almost half the entire ETH network is only two hops from a tornado cash receiver. And this is, I think, largely in part due to centralized exchanges. You know, a lot of ETH centralized exchanges and kind of like goes in and out and all that sorts of stuff. And that ETH would have, you know, touched tornado cash at one point. And you can see here 92.66% of the network is only four degrees of separation from a tornado cash receiver. So this just shows how impossible it would be to police things in terms of kind of like people that have interacted with a contract that is sanctioned or has some kind of like degree of separation, but not that much degree of separation from it, right? So again, as I described last week, it is unworkable, un-policeable, and the front ends going above and beyond to do this is really stupid, I think. And I think that we really need to keep putting social pressure on here to kind of like reverse this. As I said, Aave ended up unblocking, I guess, not just myself, but like everyone after I socially signaled this. But I didn't contact the team. I literally just put out that tweet. I didn't contact the team. I spoke to some friends about it. And I think I put it in the Daily Grade Discord channel where I was like, what the hell, guys? But I didn't go to the Aave team and say, hey, guys, can you unblock me? I didn't do that because I know that I have kind of like that reach, right? Like I can message them and they'll reply to me, but I don't want to do that. I don't want special treatment. I wanted them to, I wanted that social pressure to basically get them to remove it all together. And that's what they did. They removed it. I even think they went as far as removing the sanctions addresses from interacting with the Aave front end, which, you know, I guess like maybe they were going to put that back, but that's fine. I was more, I mean, fine. Fine is relative. But like I was more concerned about the people who got, who received 0.1 ETH from that troll getting barred from using it. Because I was like, what the hell? Like I actually felt like a criminal for the poor, one of the only times in my life. Like I honestly try my best to stay on the right side of the law, but I felt like a criminal when that happened. I was like, holy shit. Like I've been sent this. And now the, you know, the Aave front end is blocking me. It's treating me like I'm a sanctioned individual from the US. Like I was just thinking about that. I'm like, this is crazy. What the hell? So I think that the fact that people are being made to feel like criminals because of this is really bad as well. And we need to keep fighting back against it. But I think that's it on that topic for today. I've got a bunch of other things I want to get through. But thank you for listening to all of my rants there. If you agree or disagree with anything that I said, please let me know in the discord channel was a lot of good discussion that's been going on in there over the last few days. But I'm going to move on to some more positive stuff and that's merge related news. So we have the post-mortem on what happened with Girly and why we had that kind of like participation rate drop off there. There were, I guess like multiple issues here. I think the issue with Nimbus accounted for most of the validators being offline. So what happened with Nimbus is that the Nimbus nodes were using an older version of Geth on Sepolia that still allowed for the engine API to be exposed without a JWT token. They reused the setup, but with the latest version of Geth that doesn't allow engine API communication without a JWT token, this broke their setup. The Nimbus node should slowly come back online once the ports and JWT configuration is fixed. The status is partially resolved. Some nodes still need the update. Participation rates climbed above 80% as a result of the fixes. Some nodes are still attesting sporadically. The setup would definitely need to be monitored closely. So I think that this was basically the cause of a lot of the network going kind of like offline or not validating correctly. And yeah, as you said, as I said here, this was just due to some outdated software. So it wasn't anything kind of like critical. It wasn't something with the merge itself. So it's great to see that. And then there were a bunch of other things as well. LODESTAR had an issue. BESU had an issue. NetherMight had an issue. Eragon had an issue, right? This is what's going to happen with client diversity is that like, cause we have what, 10 clients across both EL and CL, there is going to be more of a chance of these things happening just by virtue of the fact that we have more clients to make sure are kind of like, okay. And maybe you're interested in what happened with the RE-ORG. So the RE-ORG was due to BESU. So it says, yeah, Adrian and the consensus teams have worked on a comprehensive document found here. If you want to kind of like go look into, I guess, under the hood, the technicals of it. But I guess like the summary or the TLDR is that BESU incorrectly invalidated the canonical chain transition block and the Teiku node, Teiku node, sorry, proposed on its own head as expected. A Teiku restart reissued all its requests and this time BESU responded correctly, allowing Teiku to reorg onto the correct chain. And yeah, I mean, again, like that was just another non, I guess, like critical thing and not something good to do with the, I guess, like merge itself. And then there was a bunch of other things here, which you can read yourself. You can read this whole post-mortem, but I think this is encouraging. I think this is positive. I think the fact that we got back up to over 80%, I think within a few hours, 80% participation rate, which was really good. It's not on these test nets. It's never going to be like what it is on main net with a 99.8% or whatever it is. I think I've mentioned this before. So don't take that as any indication of what it's going to look like on main net. I think we're going to just have to say like, I mean, we obviously scheduled it. It's about a month from today or pretty much exactly a month. If it happens on the 15th. We're just going to have to see how it shakes out on main net. My guess is that we will have some participation drop off for a multitude of reasons, but it's there. Those, those dropped off validators will probably come back online really, really quickly. I don't think like, I'd be very surprised if we saw enough validators drop off that would get us below the 66% threshold, which is needed for finality. I'd be extremely surprised if that happened. But even if it did, I believe the network would recover just fine, just like girly recovered because girly went on the 66%. It was actually a really good test of that. We hadn't seen that on Rob's then or Sepol. So it was good to see what it looks like when the network goes on the 66% it functioned as normal. We didn't finalize like the network kept producing blocks or I guess slots and kept proposing and validating all that sorts of stuff. But we couldn't finalize until those validators came online. And then once they did and we got above that 66% threshold, then we had fun at finalization again. So yeah, I think it just goes to show like how the beacon chain is a self healing system, how it can repair itself without the need for like a hard fork or anything like that. So yeah, we'll have to see how that shakes out on main net, but I expect main net to be a smoother process and I expect us to recover much faster from any issues on main net than we have on the test nets. And Danny Ryan published his latest edition of finalized, which is the 36th edition here, which is all about, I guess the merge timing around the merge of the main net merge and everything around that. So if you want the dates, if you want the details, this is the blog post to check out. It is very, very short. So it just got all the meaty details that you need. I'll link that in the YouTube description as well for you to check out. And I guess like Ben Edgington has another what's new in ETH2 newsletter out as well, which I think is worth definitely worth reading because it's got more commentary on the main net merge, more commentary on girly and a bunch of other things that's usually in his newsletter. So definitely check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, final updates here. Rainbow wallet now makes creating and customizing your ENS profile fun and easy. You can upload a profile picture and cover photo, add your handles and links and organize your NFT showcase. Web3's linked a link in bio easier than ever with a rainbow. So I guess that sounded like an advertisement, but I'm just literally reading the tweet guys. That's not a sponsored spot. But yeah, you can see how the interface looks here in the screenshots, which is really, really cool. You can create your ENS profile, find your name, add your cover, add your profile, everything like that. I think they teased this a few weeks ago and I covered it on the refill, but I kind of like, I believe this is now live in the rainbow wallet app. So you can go check this out for yourself. If you're using rainbow, you'd have to, I think update the wallet, kind of like app on your phone, but you can go do that if you're a user or if you're not a user, you can check it out as a new one. All right, finally, I guess like in on the topic of privacy lately with the tornado cash stuff, Aztec did a thread, which is, I guess like a recap or a highlight of one month in production for Aztec connect, which I spoke about when they launched it a month ago, which is this kind of like private defy relay at layer two, where you can essentially yank or yank, I guess tap into layer one, Ethereum liquidity and your transactions all privately from Aztec connects and network connections. Now I believe Aztec put out a tweets saying that they were going to come out with their stance on everything happening with tornado cash. I don't know if I've seen that yet, but I'm looking forward to kind of like reading that as well, but you can go give this thread a read all about Aztec connects first month and kind of like a summary of what happened there. I think it's going to be very important to pay attention to what happens with these other privacy tools. Tornado cash still still works, right? It's on Ethereum. It can't be stopped. It's, it's immutable. Whatever. But like these other platforms, like Aztec connect, for example, it's centralized because it's very early. It's like a layer two. It's, it's centralized. There's, I believe there's kind of like admin keys. I believe Aztec are the only ones who run kind of like the software for these sorts of stuff. So it's very different to tornado cash. If, if for some reason Aztec was sanctioned, like tornado cash is, then their whole network would basically go offline. It would, you would probably have a chance maybe to withdraw your assets. And I don't know how they're kind of like escape hatch works on layer one, Ethereum. If it's constructed properly, you should be able to withdraw from layer one Ethereum, even if they were to go offline. But yeah, there would be an easier target because of the fact that they're smart. They're kind of like system isn't as far as I know, decentralized and immutable yet. It hopefully will be in the future, but not yet. Same goes for pretty much, I think all the other privacy tools. I believe like polygons nightfall would fall into the same bucket. So yeah, but I don't know. That's the thing. Like I think as I went, as I talked about last week, tornado cash, I believe got sanctioned specifically because of the North Korean connections because there was so much volume passing through there, especially from, from North Korea. Does that happen to something like an Aztec? If there is a lot of volume with, you know, going through there from North Korea, I don't know. I don't know what this is going to look like. I think it's going to be a very interesting next few years to see what gets sanctioned, what gets kind of like attacked, what can resist these attacks, what can keep being censorship resistant in the face of them. And it's, it's going to be a real test of a theorem's decentralization and a theorem centers your resistance. And as I've been saying for the entire time I've done these videos and for many years in crypto guys, this is why decentralization matters. This is why what we're building right in a theory. And this is why we haven't sacrificed decentralization for scale. This is why we hold it above all else. Because if you don't have decentralization, you don't have censorship resistance, you don't have anything compelling. All you have is tradfi 2.0 on a blockchain. Who gives a shit about that? I'm not here for that. I'm here to change the world, improve the world and give people so much more freedom than they have today, especially people in oppressive regimes or people that aren't in kind of like Western democracies that get to enjoy a lot of the freedoms that we do because a theorem is for everyone. It's not just for people, people in the Western kind of like society. It is for everyone everywhere in the world, no matter what country you live in, no matter, you know, who you are and no matter anything about you, it's for you, right? And you should have a reasonable expectation of being able to access privacy preserving tools as well on the network, which is what we're fighting for with the censorship resistance, with the decentralization. So take that on board. Think about it, still on it. Come have a discussion in the discord channel with me. Always love to chat, but I think I'm going to end it there for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.