 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the deadly gray refuel where he kept the latest news in the etherium ecosystem. I'm your host Dan, this is an owner and today's the 26th of July 2022. Everyone, let's get into it. So apologies to the podcast listeners yesterday. Unfortunately, the service that I used to upload the podcast libsyn was having some issues and then I had to go to bed so I didn't upload the podcast until about I think, 11 or 12 hours after it was supposed to go out. But it was up on YouTube. And I did make an announcement of the discord channel saying that it wouldn't be up until later. But yeah, sorry about that to podcast listeners. Obviously, it's it's up now. So if you haven't listened to it yet, and you missed that you can go listen to it there. But anyway, on to the news from the last 24 hours. So Vitalik actually replied to this tweet here that I'm Argent put out. So I didn't put out this tweet thread about kind of like etcc and Vitalik's talk and things like that. And then focused on this roadmap that Vitalik I guess showcased at etcc and something that he's posted on Twitter before. And we all know what is like the merge, the surge, the verge, the purge, and the splurge, right, like these kind of like Mimi names that we've been caught, we've become accustomed to over the last few weeks and few months. Now, Vitalik replied to this and said, you know, the all these things are not stages, they are all happening in parallel. So if you're looking at this roadmap, thinking, okay, well, we'll do the merge, then we'll do the surge, then we'll do divergent, etc, etc. It's not like that, like all of the kind of research and development is happening in parallel. The thing is, though, is that, you know, obviously, depending on our kind of like priorities, and depending on what stage kind of the research and development is at, things will go into the network, certain things will go into the network before other things. So for example, the surge with proto dank sharding is going to go in before vertical tries, or it's going to go in before kind of like historical data and technical kind of like, upgrades and deleting the history and things like that, right. So that while they are being worked on in parallel, they're not going to be deployed in parallel, they're going to be deployed probably all their standalone forks over the next few years, you don't we don't know exactly the kind of exact timelines here, obviously. But I guess with the merge, we know the timeline should be in less than two months now. And then with the surge, which is the kind of proto dank sharding, we're hopefully expecting the first half of next year, but it could push later. But for the others is no real timeline. But that doesn't mean that we're kind of like waiting until you know, the surge is, is kind of implemented to begin research on the verge and vertical trees, no, and statelessness and things like that. No, they've been in active research for a very long time. And kind of like the same goes for pretty much everything on this list. And you can actually see, I don't think these are up to date. But you can see kind of like these progress bars on on each of these things on the roadmap here. Now, as I said, I don't think they're up to date, we're further along on some of these things than we were when Vitalik first posted this. But essentially, you can see that pretty much like everything down to the splurge has a progress bar, and kind of like the progress by has kind of like progressed some amount. So that's why Vitalik was saying, you know, these are being done in parallel, it's not a stages thing, because if it was being done in stages, it would basically show that the verge, the purge and splurge, there shouldn't be any progress at all, right? It should just be zero. But that is obviously not the case. So I just wanted to kind of clear that up for people, because I see some people will be confused about this. And I think it's a pretty bad misconception to have because of the fact that you may think, Oh, my God, it's gonna take so much longer to get these things out there, because they're not being worked on at the same time as these other things when in reality, you know, even things like the splurge, which is, I guess, like last on this list on quote, unquote, last on this list, and will probably be the kind of I guess, last things that go in, in terms of kind of like a deployment thing have been researched for as long as pretty much everything else on this list. So yeah, as I said, they're being worked on in parallel, I thank Vitalik for kind of like, clarifying this for people because whenever he tweets, obviously gets him a lot more eyeballs on it than myself or some other people in the ecosystem, tweeting it out. And yeah, it gives me a chance to highlight it on the refill for you guys. So just wanted to kind of highlight that you can check out this roadmap, by the way, again, like, I kind of like don't worry about the progress bars on this, it doesn't really matter. But each of these items, like if you want to dig deeper into each of them, you can just Google them and you will spend a long time on this. Like if you are literally at the point where you're like, Okay, I want to learn as much as I can about the ethereum roadmap as possible, and you have the time to do it. Well, this will take you months and months and months to learn if you really want to learn in terms of kind of getting into the weeds, learning why each things are the way they are, what the current research is like, what the current development is like, all the kind of stuff behind it, it'll probably take you a few months to kind of get a grasp of all of it, and across everything here, and understand it on a deeper level, like obviously, you can get the high level, kind of like view on things. But if you want the extra context, if you want the reasoning as to why things are being done that way, then it's going to take a while. And this is actually funny, because this is a thought that I often have, and I kind of like, talk about this with friends sometimes. This is the main reason I think why new people that come into this ecosystem don't understand why ethereum is the way it is. Because to a new person coming in, right, they see ethereum, and they see something like Solana, for example, ethereum layer one, not you know, maybe even roll ups as an extension, right? But ethereum layer one, expensive to use, like it's expensive to use in terms of it cost a few dollars to do a swap, even at the cheap gas prices, then you go on something like a Solana, and to do a decentralized exchange swap, it would cost like basically nothing, right? Now, obviously, refuel watchers and listeners will know that there's a whole host of reasons why this is the case and why ethereum is the way it is. But to a new person, they don't realize this. And how are they going to realize this? Like, how are they going to realize any of that, like, and that's the thing, they're never like most of them are never going to most of them are never going to care. So what ends up happening is that it falls to us, it falls to the builders to build better products and build better services. And that's why we've obviously gone with the roll up centric roadmap, because we think roll ups will be able to scale outscale pretty much everything, even the most centralized layer one out there, roll ups will be able to out scale that over the longer term. And that is what users will care about the end of the day, like I really do think that users do care about decentralization and security. But it's not something that they will think or care about on day one, they'll care about it, kind of like when something goes wrong, especially, but as they learn more and more about certain things, and they kind of like, care more and more about the security, then obviously, they'll kind of like, I guess, like, have some common sense around this. So for example, right, in the current system, people put money in a bank, like most people aren't going to put money into a bank that maybe they've never heard of before, or doesn't look legit, or kind of like, looks a little bit dodgy, right, they're going to go for the more trusted brands. And that's why banks are pretty pretty centralized, like there's only a handful of them that actually last long term. So if you take that as kind of like the analogy there, I think the same is going to be true for crypto, because it's a value network, where people aren't just going to put their money on anything, like, especially as they keep hearing stories about exchanges being hacked, and, and, and defo protocols being hacked, and all that sorts of stuff, like as that goes on, and as time goes on, and as I guess, we saturate the mass market with crypto stuff, and I'm talking, this is like the decades view here, then I think more and more people will care. But yeah, just something I always think about, like, if I was a total noob into this ecosystem, if I had no prior context, then how would I be able to differentiate between Ethereum and Solana, just as just as an example, right? I wouldn't, I'd have to dive deeper into things. But that, in my mind, doesn't really stop Ethereum from still being the kind of like top ecosystem still being the the market leader, and roll ups kind of adding to that, because of the fact that I believe roll ups will offer just a better experience for developers to build on, they'll build applications, and then those applications will offer a better experience to users. And as I said, I expect roll up fees to basically trend towards zero for the end user. Eventually, I don't expect the winning roll ups to be charging gas fees to end user, I expect them to be extracting them away. And that, you know, we're on that path to get there through this roadmap. So yeah, just a bit of added context there for me. But I'm sure you guys have run into this before as well. Alright, so next up here, we have a great thread from speaking of scaling from Shriram here from Eigenlayer. Now, I think this was called data layer before and they changed their name. And I don't know if I'm saying Eigen, right, it might be pronounced some other way you guys know I'm terrible pronunciation. But in this thread, he starts it off by saying Ethereum hyperscaling primer, why the best blockchains will have a no trade off between scalability and security? Why is hyperscale data availability critical? How does Ethereum get there now I highly recommend kind of reading through this thread. It's really, really great. And you'll get like a much better understanding of kind of like how Ethereum is scaling and kind of like pretty much one of if not the only viable path towards global scalability. Shriram kind of takes us on a journey in this thread. And he, he kind of like gets me pumped up because he thinks now I don't know if this is true or not. I don't know if this is being corroborated. I don't know if we're going to get there. But he thinks we can get to, we can get we can scale data availability from kind of like what it would be, I guess with proto dank sharding or with dank sharding a million times more. So with proto dank sharding, the data availability rate of Ethereum will go from 70 kilobytes a second to 1.3 megabytes per second, which is obviously a relatively huge jump there. But he thinks it's theoretically possible to use the same ideas that dank sharding uses to scale this data availability a million times more to one terabytes per second. Now, if you want to know how that's possible, I suggest reading the thread. But do keep in mind that this stuff is still very theoretical, it is not obviously being done practically, I think with eigenlayer, they're going to go into try and do this. And they're going to try and kind of like show that this works practically without sacrificing decentralization and security and all the good stuff that we care about. But if we can achieve that, like, I don't even know what to say. That would be more data availability than anyone would need for an extremely long time, we would be able to run anything on chain anything and everything on on a kind of on a roll up, which would be absolutely insane, right? When you think about it, but as I said, it's still theoretical, it's it's kind of like still very far away. Even if it does work, I don't imagine something like this being implemented on the Ethereum for a long time for a number of different reasons. But it is using the technologies that Ethereum is working on that as part of the Ethereum roadmap. So that's why I wanted to highlight the thread and make sure that you read it. And there's also a video here as well, if you want to read that, sorry, watch that. Because I think it's really, really great. And obviously, there, you know, not everyone agrees with this, there are some kind of like debates happening here. You know, Paulina said there are some trade offs that may exist to this such as higher complexity, and historical storage becoming, I guess, kind of like untenable, but there are kind of like, trade offs might be fine, right? And he's kind of like written about this before in his blog post, which you can read here. But yeah, I think there's a few other comments in here as well. But I highly recommend reading a thread, I'll just link it in the description below for you. Alright, so some more big Coinbase related news here, which I find hilarious, but essentially, it was came out yesterday that Coinbase is facing an SEC probe, probe over cryptocurrency listings. This is not surprising to me at all. You guys know my opinion on what Coinbase has been doing over the last few years and the tokens have been listening and just like the absolute crap they've been listening, which not only are securities like but they're like some of them are actually just outright scams. So this hasn't come as a surprise, though, I don't think the SEC really has much of a case here much of a leg to stand on, because the SEC is the kind of institution that approved Coinbase's IPO. And as you guys know, Coinbase IPO'd in May of last year. So it wasn't exactly kind of like thing that they did many years prior before they were doing all this stuff like listing all these tokens, right? So I don't think the SEC is really going to win anything here. Like they can't even win their case against Ripple. Like they feel it looks like they're losing their case against Ripple and XRP to me is a very clear security. But that's another topic. But it's just funny how I saw this and people were kind of like, getting panicked about this and getting up, you know, uproar about this. I'm like, guys, like, what are you talking about? Like, just because the SEC is probing Coinbase doesn't mean they're going to win anything doesn't mean they're going to win a settlement doesn't mean they're going to win a court case or anything like that, right? And if there is a settlement, that would probably be the best outcome because that would mean that Coinbase just pays a fine and the SEC leaves them alone. This has happened before this in crypto, especially of those of you who remember block one, the company that behind EOS, they raised, I think, like $4 billion or something in the EOS ICO. And that was an unregistered security sale. Guess how much they paid in a fine to the SEC to basically get the SEC off their back $24 million out of the 4 billion that they raised like, and they probably made more than that from selling the EOS tokens to they paid $24 million. They admitted no wrongdoing, which I thought was hilarious. And no one in block one went to jail or faced any kind of like personal liability from this is at least as far as I know. So the SEC is really a very toothless organization, like the fact that you can just pay a $24 million fine using the proceeds from the unregistered security sale, right and also pocketing a shit ton of profit from that is just hilarious to me. So even if Coinbase for some reason just wants the SEC off their back and basically says, Okay, we'll pay this fine, just piss off, basically, right? That does that that's hilarious. Like the SEC is not protecting anyone in that case, all they're doing is making themselves fatter, right? Probably some of the SEC higher ups are getting a bonus for this because they can kind of like show that they're doing their job or quote unquote, doing their job, right. But in reality, I think the SEC is the one of the biggest jokes of an institution in in the US. I think that they're not respected by anyone, not even by their peer organizations. And I think that this probe is really just them trying to make like, trying to look like they're doing something when in reality, they're not they're not and they're not protecting anyone. Like, I can't think of anyone that the SEC has protected to be honest, like, they protect anyone from the terror collapse? No, not at all. Have they gone after terror? I mean, I'm sure the Korean authorities are doing a lot, but I haven't heard much out of the out of the US about this. They did kind of like subpoena, I think dokwan back in the day, but nothing really came of that, right. So like, this is what I mean by toothless organization like terror was continued allowed to exist. And look, don't get me wrong, I'm not advocating for kind of like these regulatory agencies coming down hard on things or kind of like over regulating stuff. But if their goal is to protect investors, then they're doing a really, really shit job of it. Like if this was if this was a private company, get Gensler, the current head of the SEC would have been fired a long time ago, like as if he was the CEO or something right of a company because he's not actually doing anything. He's not doing what he's supposed to be doing. Maybe he is maybe that maybe the real goal isn't actually to protect investors, which if you're on the kind of more cynical side of things, you don't believe that's the real goal. Maybe the real goal is just to be a bully and kind of make sure that the rich can stay rich and make sure that no, none of the smaller players can kind of like get out from under another, none of the retail investors and the plebs can get out from under it, right. I think there's merit to that. I don't think that's something that it's a conspiracy theory. I think a lot of the existing financial system is geared towards punishing kind of like retail investors and rewarding the already rich. And maybe the SEC just exists to protect that like I don't know for sure. But everything that I've seen out of them, I haven't been impressed at all. And I'm not just saying that because I'm not a fan of financial regulators. Like if the SEC was actually doing a good job, and actually going after the scammers actually going after the the kind of like ecosystems that were extracting money and making people lose money, then I would applaud them. But they're not doing any of that. They're really not doing anything to protect anyone, which is just bizarre and insane. But it is kind of like the way it is. And obviously kind of like, we've we've kind of like seen this on crypto Twitter for a long time now. I'm not the only one with this opinion. But I'll kind of leave that at that because I want to rant too much about it. But I think it's an important thing to consider that, like these institutions do not exist to protect you. They exist to protect the establishment most of the time, if not all of the time. So whenever you see them going off the Coinbase for kind of registering, maybe unregistered securities and stuff like that, I don't expect much to come of this at all. And don't expect, I guess, like anyone to go to jail or any kind of like things to happen to make these kind of like people lose money. I'm sure the people who kind of did the scam tokens already cashed out during the bull market and are off somewhere else. And they're not even being charged in this sort of stuff. They could, they're just charging Coinbase. So yeah, anyway, I'm going to end that little rant there for now. There's a bunch of other things to get through, but I think it's just worth a kick kind of worth keeping, keeping in mind there. All right. So it seems we're getting very close to Arbitrum and Nitro. So the Arbitrum developers Twitter account here announced yesterday that we are getting quite close to the Arbitrum one upgrade to the Nitro tech stack, a list of scheduled dates of our current plans for testing that upgrades prior to upgrading on main net can be found below. So they're going to be upgrading their test nets in the next couple days. And then they've said that main net will follow two weeks after. So you can see here that the girly Nitro Dev net will be updated on the July, sorry, on July 26th. And the Nitro test net will be uploaded on updated on July 27th. So if we kind of like say that there's a couple of weeks after and then ring could be on July 28. And then we say a couple of weeks after that Nitro will be live on main net, we can pretty much put it in basically mid August that Nitro will be live on the Arbitrum main net deployment, which is super exciting. Obviously, they had to pause the Odyssey kind of event because the chain got clogged because Nitro wasn't implemented. But from everything that I've seen from Nitro, it seemed that this is going to be a massive boost in scalability for the Arbitrum network, fees are going to be cheaper. And then I'm sure they're going to restart Odyssey and people will be able to get back on there and start using Arbitrum in all its glory again, which I'm super excited for, of course. So very much looking forward to Nitro hitting main net here. And great to see that kind of like it's coming sooner rather than later. I did say to you guys, I think maybe the last week or the week before that I felt like Nitro was coming, you know, pretty soon. Like I didn't think that they would kind of, you know, pause Odyssey and basically wait six months to release Nitro or anything like that. And I did go back and see that they only I think it was like either April, May or June when they kind of first put Nitro on test net. So it hasn't actually been that long. And the fact that we pretty much hopefully we'll get a main net in mid August is kind of like really, really bullish for me anyway, in terms of kind of like Arbitrum development. So very much looking forward to that you can keep an eye out for it. And I'll definitely cover it on the refill once it's live. Alright, so I talked a lot about polygons business development on on the refill. And I don't want to kind of rehash everything that I've said before, but there was a great tweet here from CryptoTexan today, that basically showcased all the major partnerships or not all of them, but a lot of the major partnerships that polygon has kind of landed over the last maybe six to nine months, I guess you could say here. And it's kind of like in descending order. So you got like Draft Kings, which was announced in October of last year, you got other big organizations like Adobe, Stripe, Meta, Reddit, Disney, which, you know, brings us to July of this year. But you know, I think this really does speak to obviously their business development skills, because these kind of partnerships are not things that just anyone can land. And as I've said before, polygon is competing with other very well funded ecosystems, typically layer one ecosystems to do this. And then CryptoTexan also makes the kind of like note here that they've done this while launching the polygon zk-evm, right, while working on all these kind of like zk technology and all this layer two stuff and other other products, right, which is just crazy to me. Polygon is such a powerhouse. And the funny thing about polygon is that they were Matic Network, right in, there was still Matic Network in, in around a couple of years ago or something like that, I think if I'm remembering correctly here. And then obviously, they became kind of polygon. And then from there, they have just exploded in both usage in awareness in kind of like the products that they're building. And it's just great to see like they've come so far and they've been rewarded for it. Like I know, like obviously, I'm an advisor to polygon. And you guys know that. But when I became an advisor of polygon, I actually signed it when it was signed the agreement when it was still Matic Network. And Matic Network back then, for those who remember wasn't really something people talked about, it wasn't viewed favorably, no one really knew what they were doing. And the token was was not really worth anything back then. I mean, I believe when I signed on, it was either worth one or two cents or something like that. And it's worth much more than that today. I think it's worth like 75 cents or something and went higher than that in the bull market. So you know, I kind of like didn't join polygon because like because they were doing this and because I wanted to be part of kind of like this, I joined them because I believed or as an advisor, because I believed in their vision, I believe that they had the chops to kind of like pull this off. And they did. And I honestly, I'm blown away by it myself. Like, I didn't kind of like think that they would go this far, I thought that they were going to be a powerhouse, but they've just blown away my expectations here. I think they've kind of like blown away everyone's expectations, really, people doubted them even up until recently about their zk VM tech. And some people will say, Oh, they had to acquire these teams to do zk VM, guys, like I don't think these people realize how many people there are actually able to build zero knowledge technology, let alone zk VMs. They pretty much all accounted for already, like, there are no more of these people, they don't exist as part of kind of like some team that no one's ever heard of. It's either polygon, stockware, zk sync, and a few other kind of like and scroll, I should say, and maybe some kind of like stragglers here and there. But pretty much all of them are already accounted for. There's very, very few people who can do this. So if polygon one instead of acquiring teams, what they would have to do is they would have to go and recruited people themselves would have to compete with these other ecosystems for personnel, when in reality acquiring these teams, bringing them all in house and letting them just continue the work that they've been doing, and giving the resources for them to do that was the right approach here. So yeah, anyway, I'm gonna stop falling over polygon here. I just, I don't know, I just whenever I think about it, guys, just absolutely blown me away how well they've done with not just the partnerships, not just the business development, but like everything since I kind of like signed on as an advisor. It's just, it's been great to see it's been great to see the recent and they're adding so much value to the Ethereum ecosystem. It's insane. All right on to this tweet thread from op labs today. So this is a bit of a technical deep, deep dive into something that optimism does. So you can kind of read the thread, but I'll kind of read the start here where they said, optimism does a lot of stuff on chain. Managing all of these interactions securely can be a bit of a headache. That's why we built Drippy, a trust minimized Ethereum native conditional transaction system. As I said, be technical here, not a long thread. You can also kind of I guess read this blog post titled Drippy how optimism automates Ethereum. If you're into any of that stuff, if you're into kind of like development and learning more about development, you should definitely give this thread and blog post to read. But for the TLDR here of what Drippy is, it's like a web free version of if this then that if you're, if you've ever used this app, if this then that or IFTTT, it basically allows transactions to be executed under certain conditions. So Drippy allows us, us being optimism to easily program in solidity sets of checks actions that we call drips. Really cool. I think that people don't realize that this sort of stuff is needed and this sort of stuff is happening in the background for a lot of projects out there. You know, something as a, I guess, simple example here is Oracle updates. Whenever an Oracle update is published on chain for something like chain link, that is all handled off chain first. And then there is an off chain kind of like mechanism, a script that runs to post that data on chain so that the price can kind of like go on chain and defi apps can use it and other people can use it and we can all see that there was there's a price there and we can all validate and things like that. Right. So Drippy, I guess, is basically like an extension on that and basically kind of a tool that allows automation for, for anything at the end of the day, like any of these kinds of interactions, anything that needs to be done on networks, on smart contracts is what Drippy does. But as I said, there is a thread and a blog post for you to read to jump into this deeper here. Definitely maybe only do so if you're, if you're kind of like a developer and if you want some more context around this, but it's not too complicated to understand, but it may not be useful to you if you're just, if you're a non-developer. All right. So a great tweet here from Raul today where he said today companies pay for their own cloud costs to provide services and great UX to paying customers with extremely cheap fees from roll-ups post sharding on Ethereum companies abstracting gas fees away from users to offer them value will become a normal thing again. This is what I was talking about before about how and I've talked about this a lot on the refill right about how roll-ups eventually will be subsidizing all the costs for their users because the cost will be so low and as an example of this is Immutable X. They're not technically a roll-up. They're a validity and because of that, the transaction fees are extremely cheap because they store the data off chain. They cover the cost for their users because it's so cheap to do so and it gives their users an absolutely amazing experience of not having to pay any gas fees to do anything on the network right. They can still use ETH in order to kind of like use it as money to trade NFTs and stuff like that, but they don't have to worry about gas fees. They never even have to think about it. The same is going to be true for things like optimism and Arbatrum and the polygons and the stock and the scrolls and everything like that. Once they get cheap enough with dank sharding with more data availability, once they do their own upgrades, once they get to a point where it's literally cents on the dollar, even less than that, there are going to be a subsidization of most if not all of kind of like those fees in certain different ways. It's not just going to be kind of like the optimism foundation paying the fees for example. It will be, I think the validators kind of like paying them because they'll be making money from other kind of like avenues such as MEV for example or the applications themselves will be making money from the fees that they take and they'll kind of like subsidize that for their users. All these sorts of stuff right. Like when you think about how we can take this and where we can take this and how much of a boon this would be to user experience, it gets really wild. So I mean we're already there in terms of Immutable X obviously being already there in terms of kind of like layer twos. We're not there with roll-ups yet because they're too expensive, but with Validium it's very easy to do because it's already very cheap and that gives us insight into I think what we're going to be seeing long term with things like Dang Sharding implemented. Alright finally here we have an update from Alpha Day and I covered these guys a few weeks ago, but the Alpha Day beta is now live and you're invited to try it out. So if you're an Alpha Day early Discord NFT holder, you can visit app.alphaday.com and use the following credentials in this thread to get started here. And now for those of you who don't know, I described Alpha Day as basically like a Bloomberg terminal for crypto for Ethereum and something that I am definitely very excited to use. I think I just saw this before. I'm going to go play around with it soon. I haven't played around with it yet, but I'm very very excited to play around with this and see how it can kind of work with my current flow and potentially replace my current flow of keeping up with everything. I described it last time where I said that I have so many different windows in front of me to keep up with everything. You know Twitter feed, newsletters, prices, kind of like my portfolio, stuff like that right? And I think you know having kind of like one I guess display one dashboard for that would be really really cool, especially for the news stuff. Like obviously I covered the news on the refill. Being able to aggregate it in a better way, being able to kind of like keep track of it in a better way at a glance would really be beneficial to me. So I'm really excited to kind of like test out this product. You should do so as well and I should disclose I'm an investor in this product as well. I think I disclosed that last time, but just again people who didn't hear me say that last time, but it is in beta and you kind of like can try it out here. I'll link you in the YouTube description below. I have a couple minutes left here. Just another thing that I wanted to talk about today just before I finish up here. It's not related to the markets, but it kind of is. I find it funny how whenever I kind of like look at people discussing price and discussing kind of like the markets in general, there's always this inkling of oh this week's going to be bad because of this this and this news event and like for everyone who hasn't yet, they should go read a book titled Fooled by Randomness, which is a very popular book and it's been suggested in crypto circles a lot of times, but it is so accurate and describes this phenomenon so accurately because let's just take a recent example. Everyone was like super bearish. I think a few weeks ago when the CPI numbers came out because they were the highest in like 40 years and then the price of ETH and BTC and a lot of other crypto is pumped right. So like there are certain events that well, I think most events people point to and they're like oh this is going to affect the price this way. This is going to affect the price this way like it doesn't work like that like you're and and this is what the book Fooled by Randomness goes into it basically shows that like just because it's a coincidence sometimes that one of these events leads to this price action or one of these events leads to that price action doesn't mean it's a trend doesn't mean it's a pattern. If it was that easy to trade markets just based on this news that everyone kind of like expects is going to be bad. Everyone's going to expect it's going to be good. Then everyone would be a good trader. It doesn't work like that at all. So I suggest reading that book. I think there's maybe kind of like some YouTube videos about it as well if you don't want to read the whole book there, but I just wanted to kind of note on note that because I see people talking about this a lot. I see people concerned about the macro environment a lot like I get it like it is concerning. There are obviously a lot of shitty things happening right now and people kind of like are wondering you should I buy now should I wait you know especially people who who kind of like over invested as well like oh crap. I'm already over invested. I want to buy more, but if I have to wait a few years, maybe I'll won't be able to pay my bills stuff like that. If you're in that position, non-investment advice, but please don't put yourself in that position. I will try to get out of it because it's not a good way to be but yeah, I just wanted to make a quick comment on that and I'm going to end it on that note. So thank you everyone for listening and watching be sure to subscribe to the channel. If you haven't yet give me a thumbs up subscribe to newsletter join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.