 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the daily grave review. Larry Cupp, the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Stan the Desus Honor and today's the 25th of March 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So this isn't directly crypto related but I did see this I think a couple days ago and I wanted to kind of like talk about it and how it kind of relates to crypto. So what I'm talking about is there's this kind of like meme account on Twitter called Nancy Pelosi CFA which is kind of like a parody account of Nancy Pelosi who is the Speaker of the House in the US, very famous politician actually and a very rich politician which brings me to what I wanted to talk about. So Nancy Pelosi in the kind of like the parody account here tweeted out saying Nancy Pelosi just exercised 25 call options for 2500 shares on Tesla worth $5 million at a strike price of $500. The share price is $943 today and Nancy Pelosi is the greatest investor the world has ever seen. Now for those of you who don't know how this works basically she or whoever manages her investments took out these kind of call options a while ago with the strike price of 500 bucks. So that basically means that she by exercising them today she was able to buy Tesla shares for 500 bucks when the share price is $943 today leading to a pretty substantial profit. Now while this is an issue beyond her being kind of beyond this being suspect given like how often she tends to do this is the second tweet here where it says Nancy Pelosi regulates the oil and gas industry and benefits when she puts undue burdens on America's energy independence. Then she profits handsomely off her burdensome regulations with Tesla call options very disappointed in the SEC here and that's what the account said. Now as far as I know and from what I've read the insider trading is pretty much illegal if you're a politician. There is no, it doesn't seem to be any kind of like hard laws against it and you're able to kind of like trade stocks and call options or whatever you want basically even if you're a politician even if you're a high-ranking politician even if you have conflicts of interest like what Nancy has here which is obviously really stupid, right? Like the fact that this is even a thing is really dumb but I'm not necessarily surprised because as I've said plenty of times before guys I think financial regulations are way too harsh but they're always kind of like overreaching but they're not, they're not kind of, they never get kind of go after the right people. Like the SEC for example, you know, I quote tweeted this tweet and said don't worry guys I'm sure the SEC will be all over this soon. They're not going to investigate this. The SEC is not doing its job of protecting investors it's not doing its job of looking into insider trading and all that sort of stuff. It really is just a protection racket I think for those in power and I'm not going to go on a kind of like rant about the SEC but how this relates to crypto is that you know there's obviously a lot of insider trading in crypto it's everywhere guys like seriously it's really bad, right? There's, it's very hard to stop this like even centralized exchanges struggle with this all the time. So for example a centralized exchange may kind of like announce internally that they're going to be listing a certain token say it's Coinbase and they're going to be listing a new token and for a while not so much these days but for a while whenever Coinbase listed a token there was like the Coinbase pump, right? Where the token would go up substantially in value immediately after listing. Now if you worked at Coinbase you're obviously going to sign you know agreements saying you're not going to trade based on this information and if caught you'd be prosecuted blah blah blah but how would they police that? Because it's not like you have to set up a brokerage account do KYC or AML in order to trade these things on Ethereum as a token, right? Like say there's an ERC20 token and it's trading on Unispot but it's not on Coinbase yet you can literally go home spin up a new Ethereum address fund it from another centralized exchange if you want or fund it through tornado cash or something and then trade based on the information you got as an employee at Coinbase, right? And this has happened plenty of times before guys like this is not hypothetical this happens and not just with Coinbase but with every other centralized exchange and there's really not much that can be done to stop it. So I totally get like why maybe the SEC or other regulatory bodies don't want to go after this because it's just a waste of their time because they already know that it's very very hard to difficult to stop and all those sorts of things and that's totally fine but they don't even go after the most obvious things like for example all the YouTubers that kind of just shill coins that they don't disclose that they're holding, right? For basically a pump and dump. There's been hardly anyone that has actually kind of been prosecuted for that or gone you know all the regulatory bodies have gone after for that but the regulators continue to go after the legitimate teams building legitimate products like Uniswap Labs. So I think just looking at all of this together I you know I struggle to understand why people would want more financial regulation or why people want financial regulation to begin with when it's not actually doing its job. We see stories of banks all the time being caught money laundering they pay a fine you know away they go. So many of these things go like of these scams they just end up paying a fine and away they go. Like BlockOne did it with EOS paid a 24 million dollar fine to the SEC after raising billions of dollars in an unregistered security sale and wash trading and that's it. Now they have like a massive BTC treasury and they're on their merry way. EOS never amounted to anything but they're off scot-free there living on private islands whatever they're doing with that money. So you know that's crazy you know in of itself. But there's plenty of examples of this kind of like you know especially in crypto where this just keeps happening again and again and again. And you kind of like say to yourself well if these financial regulations are really strict and they're basically restricting the legitimate teams from being able to do anything because they're just scared of the financial regs but they're not actually stopping the bad stuff from happening then what's the point right? Like really what is the point? And obviously it's a lot more nuanced than I'm making it out to be. There is a lot of kind of I guess some a lot of complexities that go into this. But I just I'm just so bearish on a lot of those regulations. Like I don't understand why they exist outside of being a protection racket. Like honestly it seems like especially laws like the accredited investor laws exist just to protect the already wealthy people because accredited investor laws is literally a wealth test. If you don't have a 1 million net worth or you don't earn I think it's 250000 US dollars a year for two consecutive years and that net worth has to be excluding your primary residence you're not able to invest in early stage companies like someone else who has that kind of that net worth is. That right there is wealth gatekeeping of opportunity and like that doesn't make sense to me. Like the only way it makes sense to me is if it's been put in place as a protection racket and honestly in the traditional kind of like finance world as I've said before it's an average of seven years for a traditional company to IPO and by the time they've IPO'd they've gone up to like a series D or series E funding round maybe even further than that sometimes and by the time it hits the stock market those 100x gains or 1000x gains even are completely gone. Like you may get that over the long long term like decades of holding a stock for example if it's relatively undervalued when they IPO but for most of the time you're not getting anywhere near that and you're basically going to be exit liquidity for the VCs and the funds that got in on the earlier rounds because they were able to get in due to kind of like those laws and other things around that. So I don't know like I would love to see here someone give the bull case or give like a good justification for why so many of these harsh financial regulations exist and why they should exist. I'm just not seeing it. I think a lot of them need to be repealed a lot of them need to be just completely removed and I do think that there is room for some of them but I just there has to be a balance between kind of I guess like innovation and regulation and I think at this point in time the pendulum has swung way too much towards regulation especially in the crypto space for no good reason considering the fact that all the scammers or at least 99% of the scammers in this space get away with it get away with making millions, tens of millions potentially hundreds of millions of dollars off of this stuff. I mean there are literally there have been billions actually of dollars made from pure scams in this space and these people are just laughing all the way to I mean maybe not to the bank as the classic terminology goes but they really are laughing like really really hard at the fact that they've just gotten away with this and then you have like other teams like legitimate teams getting prosecuted getting you know fines and stuff like that and getting pressure put on them which I just think is very very unbalanced and very very unfair. But anyway a little bit of a rant there for today's episode but I think it's very important to think about these things especially in the context of crypto because DeFi is being built to resist this sort of stuff and maybe we can't repeal or replace or remove a lot of these financial regulations maybe we just have to build around them maybe we just have to keep building these true DeFi tools in order to basically get around all of this because once something is truly decentralized on Ethereum it becomes basically impossible to shut it down and from then we don't even have to worry about financial regulations anymore for the app itself. We do you know extra protocol stuff like stablecoins and fiat on off-ramps always going to be pretty heavily regulated or centralized stablecoins that is but I think at least if we have true DeFi products it just becomes a lot easier for us to kind of route around this sort of stuff rather than trying to fight the bureaucracy and the politics and all that sort of stuff. So yeah anyway I'd love to hear your thoughts on this guys like in the Discord channel or in the YouTube comments as I said try and give me the bull case for financial regulations and why you think that a lot of them should exist and give me like a positive and give me some positives of what they've done to outweigh the negatives of what they haven't done basically. All right so Crypto Gucci shared a tweet today where they said CNBC ran a segment today around Ethereum outperforming Bitcoin amid new quote-unquote Ethereum 2.0. The narrative around the Ethereum merge is finally getting out in the mainstream media. It won't be long before the world grasps the power of Ethereum. Now you can see here there's a basically a picture being taken of CNBC and it says Ethereum 2.0 bull case of quote-unquote the merge. The Ethereum network to become more efficient that's completely correct and kind of like accurate in terms of if you're framing it in terms of the fact that it's using 99.98% less power but I guess becoming more efficient could be taken other ways but I'm not going to knock them for that. But then they go on to say it's cheaper to create because it will require less computing power and energy. Now I don't even know what they're trying to imply here but I'm guessing like cheaper to create blocks maybe but no like I think this is where kind of like the narratives around the gas fees will be reduced at the merge come from. A lot of people seem to think that because proof of work uses heavy computation to produce blocks or I guess in order to kind of like produce those results in order to have the right to produce a block sort of thing. It means that because proof of stake doesn't do that you require less computing power so we get more scale. That's not actually how it works. And I think this is a very actual common misconception and I finally figured out that that's where the narrative came from about the merge lowering gas fees because people think you know proof of stake makes things more efficient. That must mean we get more scalability out of it and we have less gas fees. No, the gas fees are always set by the op codes, right? The operation operation codes in the EVM which have a fixed cost or a cost that I mean the fixed cost at all times but can be changed via hard forks of course. But you know as I've explained before it's all dictated by that and because there's a gas limit there's only a certain amount of gas that can fit into a block so if we're at that limit then you have and then basically people have to outbid each other to get their transactions in. So that remains the same post-merge. Like that is not going away, that is not changing and that's exactly why the merge doesn't reduce gas fees. So I think you know I finally figured it out that kind of like bad narrative and I actually get the logic too. I really do get the logic. It's not just people being stupid, it's people just having this misconception which we do need to try really hard to kind of like rectify before the merge happens. But at this point in time guys I think that the only thing that's going to happen is that the merge will happen. People will realize that gas fees didn't get lowered because of the merge. The ones who care will go and research more about it and see you know okay how is the gas fees actually being reduced. Things like layer 2 and sharding and other upgrades coming. But then there'll be a lot of people who just be like oh this is a scam, this is a rug, whatever. You can't help those people. You know they have to help themselves at the end of the day. And then the third point here is crypto's carbon footprint has been a key critique which obviously it has. I mean as I've said to you guys plenty of times it doesn't matter at all if bitcoin or proof of work is actually good for the environment for whatever reason. I'm not even going to give the kind of like arguments. I'm just going to say it doesn't matter if it is good. The narrative is against it and not just the narrative, everyone's against it. I mean I think a lot of people really do need to speak to the younger generation especially the people that are still in their early teens about what they think about things that use a lot of energy and just climate change in general and sustainability within the environment. They have a very very different view guys and it makes sense. For them they are pretty much going to be suffering from it for most of their lives. If they're like 12 years old for example and they live to be 80 they're going to be dealing with the effects of climate change for 68 years. And they're looking at that and among all the other things that they're looking at like rising up housing costs, rising costs of everything at this point in time, inequality, all that sort of stuff. They're looking at all of that and they feel kind of an existential dread even at that young. And I don't think a lot of people realize this especially older people. Like I'm almost 30 and I'm just starting now to realize that but I think a lot of older people in their 40s, 50s and 60s the ones who just don't have much contact with this generation unless it's like directly their kids but even then they don't seem to make that connection and they don't seem to realize just how concerned these people are. So that bad narrative or I guess bad or good narrative whatever you want to call it that narrative around proof of work being bad for the environment is not going to go away. And as I've said plenty of times I'm so thankful Ethereum won't have to fight this fight. I'm so thankful that we basically get away with it by saying well I mean we're merged now like we're on proof of stake. You know we don't use mining. And I think from there it'll take a while for that information to disseminate across the crypto sphere but I think what it does is going to be very very positive. But still cool to see CNBC covering the merge. I mean we're mainstream now guys. Remember I told you guys that I felt like the merge narrative was really going to pick up steam? Well in the last two weeks it really has and it's crazy how fast it happened. But I remember saying to you guys like you know when it starts picking up steam it's going to be too late to kind of like get the alpha out of it. Like obviously ETH is back over 3k now and I really do think it's because of that but you had plenty of opportunity to buy ETH under 2500 bucks and even earlier than that obviously if you kind of sorry even less than that if you had kind of like clued into the merge earlier than that too. But anyway not going to give our financial advice there for you guys. Moving on to the next update here. So something from Dan Cradfeist who is a Ethereum researcher at the Ethereum Foundation. It's a post about client diversity. So it's a blog post titled Ethereum merge run the majority client at your own peril. And the TLDR is for reasons of both safety and liveness. Live Nest Ethereum has chosen a multi-client architecture. In order to encourage stakers to diversify their setups penalties are higher for correlated failures. A staker running a minority client will thus typically only lose moderate amounts should their client have a bug but running a majority client can incur a total loss. Responsible stakers should therefore look at the client landscape and choose a less popular client. Now obviously I've spoken about client diversity a ton on the refill so I'm not going to rehash my thoughts there. But this is a very very good blog post basically required reading to understand exactly what I've been banging on about about the fact that if you're running the majority client right now which is obviously Prism then you stand to lose a lot if there's a bug and it could incur a total loss meaning you lose everything if you're staking in your ETH. So that's a pretty big penalty guys like when you really think about it. And it's really just as simple as changing over your validator clients to the non-supermajority clients if you're staking on your own. But if you're staking with an exchange or something like that encouraging them to change over to do something else. And I think once more customers put pressure on these exchanges it'll happen. But as I've said before they move slowly but I think it's happening in the background. I really do. I think we're going to get Prism down below the supermajority that they currently have which is 66%. I think we're going to hopefully get them down below 60% sooner rather than later. Ideally we want to do that before the merge and ideally we want them below 50%. We don't want any client over 50%. I'm not just trying to pick on Prism here. But I've explained all this before I'm not going to rehash it for today. But definitely go check out this blog post for sure guys. I mean this is required reading and this is the thing that you should be reading right now. I mean pause the video and go read it. That's how important it is to understand this stuff especially if you're a staker on the Beacon Chain here. All right so Polina has a new blog post out today which also is a highly recommended read. So this is their updated thoughts on modular blockchains. Now obviously Polina was the one who basically popularized the modular blockchain term. He's been talking a lot about them. It's with the separation of concerns here that I've spoken about a lot where you separate you know execution settlement and data into different layers. Execution being roll-ups or layer twos as we call them. Settlement being the Ethereum chain and data Ethereum layer one chain and data also being the Ethereum layer one chain. But Polina has kind of changed his thinking about this and he wants to add kind of I guess like a fourth concern here called history which I've talked about a lot lately about history expiry and stuff like that instead expiry and all that stuff and where it kind of gets stored. And then he goes on Polina goes on to I guess dive deeper into this and talk and talks about enshrined roll-ups which I've mentioned before as well. So I'm not going to kind of like break it all down here because you do need to read this blog post for further context on it I believe and to get the good explanation of it. But essentially Polina's vision I guess for the modular stack is that everything is just Ethereum. Execution settlement data and history is all just Ethereum and nothing is I mean the concerns are still separated but it's separated in a way that it's all enshrined within the within the kind of like Ethereum protocol itself so that we have interoperability, composability and all the good stuff that we're used to while getting the scalability and security that we all want right. So I highly recommend giving this blog post to read to learn more about that and I think the overall point of this piece was also to show that there are a lot of hybrid constructions right now like validity and validity and all that sort of stuff going on and obviously there's other kind of like constructions like ZK Porter, what Celestia is working on, what Polygon Avail is working on and things like that and I think people are getting confused by calling them roll-offs when they actually aren't. Like a roll-up, so the strict definition of a roll-up is something that stores both its transaction proofs and its data on kind of like the settlement layer which in this case is layer one Ethereum. A roll-up is not something that will store its data off chain, that is a Validium or you know some other such construction like a ZK Porter or something like that. So I think it's very important to realize the differences between these things because at the end of the day your funds are only as secure as the data really and if the data isn't on chain and not on layer one not available on layer one Ethereum then you're at the mercy of wherever the data is somewhere else and there are other solutions like people being able to host their own data and kind of like secure their own data which is a step above the other solutions but still this is kind of like the nitty-gritty of what we talk about when we talk about scaling via the modular blockchains and getting the terminology right is very important. So I'll link this in the YouTube description and you can go check it out I highly recommend giving it a read. All right so Optimism announced today as I mentioned yesterday that they have shipped their core data compression to mainnet so 40% transaction fee reductions are coming. They're not live just yet but they are coming. You see Optimism said 15 hours ago that you'll start to see fee reductions over the next week as they figure out the correct new overhead numbers stay tuned. So I mentioned this yesterday how I think the fees yesterday what are the fees today actually on on Optimism to swap a token. 41 cents same as yesterday I mentioned that they would drop to about 30 cents with this kind of like actually I think less than that probably yeah less than 30 cents with this kind of upgrade but it's not live just yet so if you're using Optimism you're not feeling it just yet but you will over the next week as they kind of like adjust these numbers obviously as they run the only sequencer they can kind of like play around with this and tune it correctly and all that sort of stuff but there's also a link here to the first compressed mainnet transaction that you can see on etherscan which is really really cool to see this is I mean this is awesome guys like honestly I think Arbitrum Nitro can't be far behind at this point because of the fact that Optimism has just shipped this they I think they're cheaper than Arbitrum right now because of this or will be cheaper than Arbitrum I think they already were cheaper because of their optimizations yeah they're a bit cheaper than Arbitrum and this makes them even more cheaper and once Arbitrum does Arbitrum Nitro and a bunch of other kind of like things that they're bringing in I'm sure we're just going to have like a battle down to like you know less than 10 cents you know cents on the dollar kind of transaction fees here and that's what we want to see we want to see this kind of like healthy competition between roll-ups and especially between similar roll-ups like obviously Optimism and Arbitrum the leading optimistic roll-up solutions we want to see competition between them as well so very very cool to see this this live on Ethereum mainnet and that's a pretty massive fee reduction coming for Optimism users in the coming week and speaking of Optimism uh Huobi Global has launched ETH deposits and withdrawals on the Optimism network now they were supporting Arbitrum before and now they support Optimism so this is just another way for you to get from a centralized exchange directly onto Optimism and I believe the fees are less than the other kind of exchanges out there I know Binance is currently overcharging for fees they're actually charging users more to withdraw from to withdraw to Arbitrum than they are to withdraw to Ethereum layer one which makes absolutely no sense and this is one worry that I had about centralized exchanges in that the fact that they can charge whatever they want for withdrawal fees and they wouldn't dynamically adjust that Binance is actually a really really bad offender of this and I think they do it on purpose because they make so much money from it but they they always consistently have fees that are higher than what that is what is required to be paid to pay the fee on the network and as I said I think it's really because the fact that they make a shit ton of money off this like think about the amount of withdrawals that centralized exchanges process a day and if they can inch out an extra 10 to 20 percent on the withdrawal fee why wouldn't they and I think it's much higher than that in some cases like 50 higher than that or something so makes sense from a business perspective I guess being profit maximalist as these centralized exchanges are but it sucks for a user experience and usability perspective so I hope we see more competition there I hope that we see the fees come down over time as more centralized exchanges launch support for for these sorts of things but yeah cool to see hobby launch support for optimism so if you're a user of the hobby exchange go check them out and go withdraw some funds to optimism all right finally here we have orbiter finance announcing support for immutable x so you can transfer in and out of immutable x within 30 seconds and for less than two dollars now for those of you who've used immutable x before you'll know that it is a validity it is not technically a zk roll up but they have about a 12 hour withdrawal time I believe which honestly I mean it's not that bad it's like a seven day withdrawal time or anything like that but 12 hours is still a little while I've withdrawn funds they're from there before and I'm like oh I have to wait 12 hours right even if I didn't need the funds immediately I was like oh god waiting waiting 12 hours here well now you don't have to do that you can transfer in and out of mutable x within 30 seconds using orbiter and orbiter I mean look at how many I guess like chains they currently support basically pretty much all the the popular l2s you know polygon pos chain there as well are now immutable x too so which is really really cool to see so if you want to check this out you can go to orbiter.finance to kind of like use it if you're a mutable x user if you trade nfts on there and all that sort of stuff you can use this to hop in and out within 30 seconds which is very cool to see and I think this is the first bridge to support a mutable x I believe I don't think hot protocol or connects or anything like that are supporting it just yet so orbiter is moving much quicker than these than these solutions right now which is very very cool to see all right so I got a few minutes left here guys and I think what I want to cover today that given that I've got a few minutes left is the market I did briefly mention before that eth is back above 3k it's at like 31 50th time of recording I don't usually talk about the market too much I don't give investment advice I try not to kind of like give any advice like that and I don't trade so but what I like to do from time to time is reflect on kind of like where we came from where we are today I did mention I think a couple weeks ago that I felt really good about eth because if so if the war like in Ukraine if the fed rate hikes if all the uncertainty around the China stuff and then more didn't bring us below 2k I just thought to my and with the merge kind of like catalyst coming up I thought to myself who's left to sell eth here right like who's actually left like in 2018 it was very different we had ICO treasuries that were selling a shit ton of eth right they had so much ether left to offload you could you quite clearly point to it on chain and be like okay well these people are going to sell you know let's kind of like front run them and that's I think a big reason why eth went down as much as it did but the opposite is actually happening now where instead of eth being sold from these kind of like there's no ICO treasuries to sell eth but eth is actually being hoovered up by the market because you have eth going into staking at a record amounts right now I mean the validator queue is like 11,000 right now and that's 11,000 times 32 eth we have over 10 million eth in staking you have eth being bought up for the merge narrative right you have eth being burnt with 1 559 which no one talks about anymore but it's still happening guys we burned 2 million eth the other day you have all these massive demand drivers and when I look at that I kind of look okay well I don't really feel like there's a reason for eth to go below 2k and I know I was shit posting about it but I never actually thought eth was going to go below 2k personally and it could still happen right I'm not telling you that it's not going to happen but just when I look at all these sorts of things holistically and I feel really good about about ethereum and eth right now especially with the massive catalyst of the merge coming up I mean honestly as I said like who's who's going to sell their eth with that catalyst coming up there's going to be massive demand drivers and it seems the market is turning up very positive positively right now so I'm very excited about that obvious obviously but what I'm more excited about actually seeing the amount of eth going into staking I think I think a lot of people have clued into the fact that staking apy is going to go up post merge and they want to get in now because of that validator queue and I also think that people kind of like like okay well what's the safest thing to hold and you know I want to earn a yield on it so they'll go with eth they're not just doing kind of like staking on their own they're going through platforms like rockerpool and and lido and centralized exchanges and all that sort of stuff but it's just more eth going into staking it's more eth being locked up it is a very high kind of like signal to the market and I mean over 10 million eth guys like that's like a eight nine percent of the total supply or something like that that's huge and not to count all the eth in defi all the eth sitting in people's wallets as kind of like a store of value all the eth being burned like I don't know and and then we have that massive issue introduction coming as well which is obviously part of the merge narrative yeah I just don't see a reason to be bearish like I I just it's just too hard right if there were like massive piles of eth being waiting around to be solved like in the ICO treasury days of 2018 then yeah you could you could try and convince me of that but at this point in time I am I'm very excited about it I think we could see new all-time highs before the before or around the merge to be honest given how strong that narrative is uh but that's not investment advice of course that's just my own opinion on things uh and you know you guys know that I buy eth all the time anyway so uh and I'm never planning to sell my eth either so and it's just going straight into staking every time I get you know another 32 eth I just put it straight into staking uh because uh what you know I want to earn more eth on my eth right like I I um and I love supporting the network with my validators as well but anyway I think uh that's enough about the markets just wanted to give a quick thing there but that's going to be it for today so thank you everyone for listening and watching be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet give the video a thumbs up subscribe to the newsletter join the disco channel and I'll catch you all next week thanks everyone