 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deli Gray Refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Tisano and today is the 4th of April 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So a couple of things just before we get into the news from the weekend. I will be on a Twitter Spaces with Dow Under on Wednesday April 6th at 6pm Australian Eastern Standard Time. I think that is quite late US time and early morning European time there. I think it will be recorded so if you do end up missing out on it you'll be able to kind of like rewatch it or re-listen to it I should say. We're just talking about all things Ethereum, something you know pretty laid back. Nothing probably too spectacular out of the ordinary for people who watch the Refuel everyday. I feel like if you watch these other interviews I do with other people you probably hear the same things that I talk about on the Refuel. But I guess like the point is always to reach a newer audience and to guide them towards the Deli Gray. To guide them towards learning more about Ethereum and things like that. So if you're keen on listening to that anyway it will be happening here and I'll link it in the YouTube description. And I recorded two videos today with the popular YouTube channel Altcoin Daily. Now we talked about the merge in the first video and then layer twos in the second video. I thought it was a really great conversation and I think that I'm going to be able to reach a much broader audience by talking to the Altcoin Daily audience. Because they probably typically aren't Deli Gray listeners or viewers which is really awesome. Like I always want to reach newer people because of the fact that we need to kind of like educate the broader crypto space about Ethereum. Especially around kind of like bad narratives around the merge and how Ethereum scaling and stuff like that. So I was really honored to be invited on to do those videos with Altcoin Daily. Which should be out sometime this week or next week I believe. But keep an eye out for that I'll share them in the Discord channel once they've come out. But yeah it was very very fun to do that there. Alright so something that I guess is not directly crypto related but just kind of like got announced. Was that Elon Musk has taken a 9.2% stake in Twitter. So he's bought 9.2% of passive Twitter shares here. Which makes him I think the largest Twitter shareholder. Now Twitter stock price is up 25% in pre-market trading. And Doge is also up because people are speculating that Elon Musk is going to integrate Doge into Twitter in some way. Which isn't a bad thing to speculate on he's been pretty consistent with his Doge kind of like outlook. But at the same time who knows right. So what does this mean what does it got to do with crypto besides the Doge thing. I think that you know since Jack Dorsey left crypto Twitter has done a bunch of things that they probably wouldn't have done without Jack Dorsey there. Such as the NFT integration right. The Ethereum integrations in general. And just going more towards the Web3 stuff. Because Jack Dorsey has not been I guess quiet about how much he thinks Web3 is just you know pointless. And the same as the existing infrastructure and not like a step above what we currently have. And you know I've said before that I think Jack Dorsey is basically a Bitcoin maximalist. That's probably why he thinks like that. But I don't think Elon Musk is. I think Elon is still very open to learning more about crypto in general. He said some uninformed things in the past around particularly scaling and how Dogecoin could scale and things like that. But you know he's with I mean but you know he's kind of like spending a lot of time with Dogecoin. Vitalik is an advisor I think to the Dogecoin foundation or something like that. So Vitalik and Elon you know having conversations and things like that. Then what could end up happening is that Elon could kind of like use his newfound influence in Twitter to kind of push more Ethereum related integrations here. You know that's kind of like my dream kind of like list or at least kind of like features that I would like to see. But other than that yeah I think you know Elon's been active on Twitter recently saying kind of like how he believes that the algorithm is you know the algorithms kind of like not great. The way Twitter kind of like handles news and fake news and propaganda and all that sort of stuff is really really bad. And he's been quite vocal about that. Now he took this stake in Twitter on March 14th and he was posting about these things I think two weeks after that. So he's obviously got some sort of plan here but it remains to be seen exactly what it is. So as I said not like totally crypto related but Elon has been very active within you know the crypto space. Just because he's promoting Doge talking about Doge doesn't mean he's not active within it. That's just like what he's interested in. Tesla obviously kind of like had their Bitcoin buy last year. I think it was last year or the year before. It might have been the year before. God time flies. But yeah there's kind of like movements here. So there is relations here to talk about. I'm curious to see if Elon Musk does anything with his newfound stake in Twitter here and seeing kind of like what influence he has on a broader spectrum here. But I just wanted to kind of like mention that because I did think it was you know not totally crypto related but something relevant to all of us in crypto. All right so something that Terrence from Pry Labs tweeted out the other day that I actually didn't know about. So he tweeted this out saying fun beacon chain fact. Once 327,680 active validators are reached, activation executes rate limit increases from four to five. Every epic five instead of four validators can now be initiated activation. That happened today. Okay what does this mean in plain English? Well I'll back up for a second. Actually I didn't know this right. You guys know I pay a lot of attention to the Ethereum protocol layer. A lot of attention to the beacon chain things like that. But I didn't actually know this was a thing. And this was in the code. Like you could actually go read the code or read an annotated version of the spec and you could see that this this existed there. But it obviously wasn't something that was talked about much because of the fact that we needed to reach like a very high active you know validate account to kind of like get here. And it's not exactly something that is I guess like bullish for the price or anything like that for example right. So it tends to get less coverage. But in saying that what is really cool about this is that I've talked about this kind of like entry exit queue before with the beacon chain. Well and you know the deposit queue essentially or the validator entry queue. Now right now that is quite high because there's a lot of ETH coming in. There's a lot of validators need to be activated each day. And I think before it changed from four to five per epic it was about 900 validators that could be activated per day. Now it's 1200. So we've obviously sped this up. So the queue will actually clear faster than it would have before. And that's because we've reached a certain amount of active validators as coded into kind of like the beacon chain. So I mean what I find really cool about this is two things. One the fact that I'm still learning stuff about beacon chain about Ethereum core development. Even though I've kind of like engrossed myself in all of it. I'm still learning stuff like this which is just amazing to me. You know what else don't I know like I'm gonna have to go back and read through it and see what else I don't know. I'm sure there's other things I don't know here. And two I like the fact that this is actually a thing right. This is actually a feature where we can actually speed up the amount of validators that can come in. Once you reach a certain number of active validators. And I mean guys lately you know staking has been blowing up on Ethereum. Like I don't know if it's the I mean I suspect it's the FOMO of the merges coming. People like oh what's the merge. Oh wow you know it's going to be when Ethereum actually goes to the proof of stake. It's going to be really bullish for the price. And you know I can take my ETH and get a four or five percent kind of yield right now. As kind of like a risk-free rate and then post merge with the unburned fear of when you're going to stakers instead of miners. Those yields could jump up to eight to ten percent. Now to us crypto degens eight to ten percent yield may not sound like a lot right. But let me put this in context for you. So this is eight to ten percent on your ETH. This isn't on stablecoins or anything like that. This is on ETH. When ETH is obviously an asset that will appreciate over the long term. Well maybe not obviously to some but to me it is right. So not only are you getting eight to ten percent yield you're getting it on ETH. And if ETH goes up you know say 2x from there it's a lot more than eight to ten percent effective yield. Secondly it's a risk-free right or near risk-free. Where the protocol is actually paying you this ETH right. This is not coming from people taking out leverage. This isn't this is not coming from you know speculative kind of activities. This is coming directly from the protocol and you know it's constant. It's kind of like known. It's easy to reason about. And as I said it's very low risk especially if you're staking on your own. Because the biggest risks are slashing. So you actually have to be you know actively attacking the network. Or maybe you've had a redundant setup that you set up and it's accidentally signed kind of like two things at once. Or you know you go offline for too long. But as I mentioned before going offline isn't actually that big of a deal. And yeah even staking with kind of like I mean there are the centralization risks as well. If you stake a decentralized exchange but still like it's a very very low risk yield. Compared to other yields in crypto especially within DeFi. And it's a yield that isn't reliant on leverage or anything like that. Like what I mean by this is that leverage based yields fluctuate greatly depending on what the market's doing right. But whereas with the ETH staking yield it's going to pay four or five percent. I mean depending on how much ETH is staked is the yield. So let's say it's just paying four percent right. It's going to pay that four percent. If the amount of ETH staked stays the same it's going to pay that four percent no matter if ETH is five thousand dollars or two thousand dollars right. It doesn't matter like the yield does not change based on that. The yield changes based on how much ETH is staked. So from that perspective people absolutely love this right. This is like an internet bond essentially as Bankless has been calling it for quite a while. And a bunch of other people have talked about this as well. And then throwing everything else kind of like the merge coming and all the other upgrades coming. And just like the issue introduction with the merge. Like I feel like there's just like a very very big FOMO to get into staking right now. And that's why we have this kind of like validated queue. That's I mean the amount of I think the validated queue is almost 14,000 validators right now. Which is crazy right. That's 14,000 times 32 ETH. Which is a crazy amount of kind of like ETH that's come in. And it seems to have stuck around there. Like we're clearing out validators each day. But there's just more and more people staking. And we're at I think once the validator sorry once the the queue is cleared. And once those validators get activated. We'd be at near 11 million ETH staked guys. That's absolutely crazy. Like I mean that's a lot of ETH right. I mean ETH's market cap is really large. So even just like you know eight or nine percent of the kind of like supply there is a huge amount. Tens of billions of dollars. So very very cool to see to see all that playing out. But yeah cool of Terrence to bring up this kind of like fun fact here. I didn't know about this at all. I'm glad that I do now know about this. And I wonder if it jumps up from like to six from five. If we reach a certain number of active validators from there. So we'll have to see. Oh it does happen. There's a comment here. When update to six at 380,000 validators. That's not too far away right guys. Like this is cool. I don't know I'm gushing over this. Because I just think this is a really cool thing that I didn't know about. And now that I do know about it. I'm just running through the implications in my head there. But yeah I mean there's a couple other things around staking that I wanted to talk about. And a massive milestone reached by Rockerpool over the weekend. They onboarded their 1000th node. And you know you can see Super Fierce here talking about this. I'm sure there are over a thousand nodes now. I haven't checked but this happened two days ago. So this is really cool. You know that's over a thousand nodes worth of ETH kind of staking with Rockerpool. You know the funny thing is like Rockerpool is doing really well I think. Compared to where they are in their life cycle. They're limited in what they can do compared to something like a Lido. Because of the fact that they need to spin up like these new nodes. They're limited by the eye. They can be minted and things like that. Especially with the validated queue being the way it is. But their growth has been really really nice to see. I would have liked you know them to have like grown more than what they are now. But I mean look I don't think it's a big deal. I think Rockerpool is as easy to stake. Like I'm just trying to run this through in my head. So I say this right and I get this right. I think Rockerpool is as easy to stake it as it is with kind of like Lido. In that you can buy kind of like RE just like you can buy STETH. But when you want to actually put your ETH in or deposit your ETH into it. It becomes harder like change your ETH into RE through the protocol itself. It becomes more difficult because there's this kind of like more stuff that needs to happen in the background. For more RE to be minted and can run out very quickly compared to something like STETH. And you can see here Spencer Noone put out a kind of like tweet thread. Looking at some data of like where's most of these ETHs kind of like coming from into the Beacon Chain. And most of it is coming from Lido. You can see here in the orange is Lido on this chart. Which I think is like 70% of the ETH that staked came in March. And you can see you know in other months they've been quite big. But in March has been really really big. So 70% of the stake that went into the Beacon Chain was from Lido. Which look it's not the end of the world. At least Lido distributes the stake amongst centralized staking providers. And doesn't just concentrate it in one. But it is not exactly ideal. We would like we would love to see a more kind of like even distribution of stake. But this is kind of like the reality of what it is today. But in Spencer's tweet thread here. What he basically says is that he thinks this is new money coming in. This isn't existing money. This isn't people with you know ETH that they've already got staking. He thinks this is new money. Especially maybe institutional big money coming in and staking their ETH. And it makes a lot of sense. Because if you I mean it's been what 15 months since the Beacon Chain went live. If you already had ETH and you haven't staked it by now. And you know staked it when the yields were actually higher. Because there was less ETH staked. Then if you're staking now you're a low percent of the people that would be. The ETH that was that would be going into the Beacon Chain I believe. So if it is which the evidence points to new ETH being staked. New ETH that's being purchased off the active of the public markets are being staked. That's even more bullish. Because it means that we're removing supply from the active market of ETH. Putting it into staking and people kind of like and we're getting more validator spun up. Which is obviously good for network security and good for sharding when it's implemented. And things like that. That to me is the most bullish thing. Like it's all well and good for people who already have ETH to stake it and that's fine. But if we have net new buyers coming in buying ETH. And they're not only holding their ETH deciding to stake their ETH. That's amazing. I really really like that. Even if it's through you know one the majority is through one provider. I don't think that's actually a huge deal as I say. Because it's Lido. If 70% was going to Coinbase then I would be a little bit more concerned. But because it's Lido I'm not as concerned. But obviously you know we prefer a more equal distribution. Maybe we had like 20% going to Lido, 20% going to Rocket Pool. You know 60% going to the other providers sort of thing. You know equally match between them. Ideally you know you have some percentage being self-stakers and stuff like that. But I do get these days if you're a new money buyer. There's not that many new money buyers that are going to be able to purchase the 32 ETH to stake. On their own. It's a lot of money guys. Like I mean it just keeps going up to as the ETH price goes up. So I think the only people are going to be doing that are like big funds and institutions. But even then I don't think they're going to stake on their own. They're going to go through some sort of provider if not setting up their own infrastructure. But I feel like most of the time they're going to go through one of the existing providers. Just because it's already there for them to use. They'll pay a small fee on it. And maybe they repackage those products for their own customers. If they're an institution as I described last week. Where these traditional finance institutions can repackage those kind of like yields. And sell it to their customers and all that sort of stuff there. So I imagine there's a bunch of that stuff going on. But very cool to see that this is most likely new money coming into the ETH staking ecosystem. And yeah I mentioned you know almost 14,000 pending validators on Twitter the other day. The Fomur to stake ETH is real. It is. I mean it's just amazing to me how like in a few months the narrative around ETH staking, the merge, the user introduction, triple halvening has totally come into like the limelight. And we now have mainstream media coverage of this stuff on things like CNBC and stuff like that. So it's just I mean if you've been watching the refill since pretty much day one. I'm pretty sure within the first kind of like a few episodes I would have mentioned this sort of stuff. And day one of the refill was I think late 2020 I believe it was. So if you've been watching since then you knew about that since then. If you've been following me before that you've known about it. And the fact that it took this long for people to clue into it is just hilarious to me. And I think a lot of people even ETH bulls underestimated just how uninformed most of the people were even within crypto around this. And now everyone's suddenly kind of like cluing into it. Everyone's like oh you know holding ETH into the merge and you know after the merge is like the most kind of like the best thing you can do. The safest way to kind of like earn money or whatever. Like I don't I'm not going to make any comments on what's safe and what's not safe. But look guys if you've been around for a while you're ahead of the curve that's for sure. Which is obviously really cool. As I said one of my highlights of doing the refill was going back and looking at how early I called stuff and how early I kind of like told you guys about stuff before it becomes kind of like you know mainstream knowledge. And I always love I always kind of like love doing that. So yeah there's that there. And finally on the staking front Summer Esat has updated his Ethereum staking guide. So he's added info for fallback to ETH1 nodes for Prism, Taeku and Nimbus. Added steps for pruning Geth and added steps to clean up system D logs here. So I've highlighted these guides before on the refill. They're some of the best guides out there for setting up staking. You know solar staking on your own. So definitely check out these from Summer Esat here. I'll link it in the YouTube description for you. All right so the ultrasound money website has a new dashboard live. Where they're showing the total of value secured by the Ethereum network. So if you scroll down here to the bottom I believe. You can see total value secured on Ethereum. Now this is counting kind of like the ERC20s on Ethereum. This is counting the ETH on Ethereum obviously as well. And NFTs and stuff like that. So you can see here that obviously the Ethereum network is securing $416 billion worth of ETH. $320 billion worth of ERC20s and $20 billion worth of NFTs. Now the NFTs are a bit harder to kind of like measure I think. It just depends. You have to kind of like measure the most active ones. And then it becomes a bit difficult because there's no active market for them. It's more of kind of like going off the maybe the floor prices and stuff like that. But still it's you know it's $20 billion here out of the $760 billion. Which is I mean it's not nothing but like obviously ERC20s are a lot bigger. And you can see on the right in the ERC20 leaderboard. Stablecoins are you know the first the top three. USDC, USDT and BUSD the top three there. And then four is actually Shiba Inu which is quite funny to see there. One of the dog tokens. And then you have wrapped Bitcoin and a bunch of other tokens like Cro, Matic, ST, ETH which is obviously Lido Stake, ETH and you can keep scrolling down the list here. So very cool to see this new dashboard. The ultrasound money website is one of my favorite websites. I absolutely love all the information they have on here. I mean they just started out with kind of like this burn tracker. And you know you can simulate the merge and see kind of what the ETH supply is going to be post merge. Now you've got the total value secured thing here. You've got the monetary premium. So you got kind of like ETHs kind of profits compared against other companies and stuff like that. And implied ETH price based on this. And you've got like sliders here that you can play around with. You know projecting the supply chart here based on a bunch of different factors. And a list of everyone that has the BAT signal which is the ultrasound money signal in their Twitter kind of like a name here. Now one of my most proud achievements is that I'm number one on this list. Because it goes by follower count the first bit and then sorry it goes by the amount of people that are following you from the fam. So I have you know pretty much all of the ultrasound money people following me as well. Which is pretty cool here. So I really like that. But yeah that's a little thing there and there's a bit of a Q&A down the bottom as well. So if you haven't checked out this website be sure to do so. It's a very good one. All right so Immutable has done something that I think more teams need to be doing. And they've shared the kind of I guess something called an IMX tokenomics portal. Which is they're calling a one-stop shop for the token vision and strategy of ImmutableX in scaling Ethereum NFTs on L2. Now you can go to this link here which is basically a notion kind of document. And you can see on here basically everything got to do with the IMX token. Now you can go to like protocol metrics, grants, dashboards, supply schedule. Which is obviously something that a lot of people are kind of like curious about. And as you guys know I'm an angel investor in ImmutableX here. So this obviously kind of like affects me. But you can see here you know who got in on sorry the private sale. What their unlock cliff is. Which basically means like their tokens are locked for a year. And then they unlock and then they unlock length of two and a half years. And unlock frequency of 28 days. You can see public sale, public sale and project development and foundation reserve. And the current unlock status, the supply forecast. This is really really cool. I mean this is basically giving you all the information you need to know about the IMX token itself. And then you've got like protocol metrics here. Bunch of different ways to kind of like look at protocol metrics. Such as transactions, sales, you know tweets and stuff like that. And team information. And there's just like a bunch of stuff on here. So you can go check this out for yourself. There's the roadmap and stuff too. And check it all out. I really really like that they've put this together. That ImmutableX put this together. Especially the kind of like token. Sorry where is it? The supply schedule. Because I think a lot of people get scared sometimes. Where they see wow all these tokens aren't circulating yet. Where are they? When are they coming to market? And they want to make a more informed decision when they're buying tokens. And I totally get that. I do that too. And it's not usually easy to figure out this information. It's usually buried in some documents. If not, sometimes it's not even public at all. So the fact that this is just front and center now with all the available information here. Something that I really wanted to highlight and you can go check out. I'll link it in the YouTube description for you below. All right so Starkware has announced something called the Stark Gates Alpha. Which is a StarkNet bridge. And now it is live on Testnet. Now this is not to be confused with that project Stargate or Layer 0. That's kind of like using that terminology. This is actually StarkNet's bridge from Ethereum. Kind of like Layer 1 into StarkNet Layer 2. And as I said this is live on Testnet now. So this is as I say the gateway between Ethereum and StarkNet. And allows users to do everything they can expect from a bridge. So if you want to see how it works you can visit the technical documentation. You can read this blog post for a bit more information on it as well. This is cool. I mean the StarkNet ecosystem as I've said to you guys before is coming together really really nicely. And the reason why I'm really excited about the StarkNet ecosystem in particular. Is because it is not your traditional EVM compatible network. We've already got plenty of those. And those are awesome and I love them. But as I've said before I do like to see more experimentation happening outside of the EVM. So very cool to see that this has entered kind of like Alpha on Testnet. You can go check out this blog post. I'll link in the YouTube description for more information on that. So David Mihal has updated his L2 fees.info website. To now show what percentage of Ethereum L1 fees are paid by L2s. So you can kind of like go into total L1 security costs here. And kind of like see you know one day security. Because I've showed this before and you can see percent of total. So the current percent of total is actually quite small still it's 0.7%. So out of all the L2s they're using 0.7% of Ethereum's block space. And I think they peaked at I would say 1% ish or maybe just over 1%. And then you can kind of like see oh yeah here we go percent of L2 fees. So I think the peak the highest they've been is 1.4% and they're at 0.7% right now. As I said to you guys this is going to be a bit of a long journey to get L2 fees. Or sorry to get you know the amount of block space that L2s are using up to those kind of like higher marks like 10, 20, 30%. I think it'll happen maybe quicker than we realize once it once again is going. But for now Layer 1 Ethereum fees are mostly high due to MEV, arbitrage transactions which is also MEV. A lot of people still live on Layer 1 Ethereum. There's a lot of kind of like bot activity as well. There's a lot of NFT activity. There's a lot of you know drops trading, minting all that sort of stuff. So I think until that activity moves off Layer 1 or at least gets priced out. Because I do believe eventually Layer 2s will price out the MEV activity. And MEV is really only profitable a lot of the time when there's kind of like liquidity there to MEV and users and trading going on. But if all that moves to Layer 2s then it's going to become very hard for you know MEV to be extracted. And then kind of like L2s will keep kind of like eating into that market share. So right now you know on average I would say they're around kind of like 1% ish of block space. But they're going to go up over time I believe as kind of like we get more adoption of these L2s. And as we kind of continue the journey there. But cool to see this. Check out this website. I'll link it in the YouTube description. So Zappa has announced that if you hold a Zappa NFT of any kind you can now participate in the beta test of their iOS mobile app. So you can basically join the Discord, verify NFT ownership, react with this certain emoji. And download the app and feedback form in the iOS app tester channel. So obviously I'll link this in the YouTube description for you to check out as well. I got an invite to this a bit earlier. I believe it was last week before they kind of like announced this. And I played around with the app. The app is very smooth. I really like it. I really love how it plays out. And the reason I got the invite before is because you guys know I'm an investor in Zappa. So obviously they wanted to get their investors kind of like testing it out and on board with it. But now it's pretty much open to anyone that holds an NFT as Zappa NFT which is very very cool. So this is cool because you guys know that I'm not really a big mobile wallet user. I do pretty much all of my transactions on my desktop using my hardware wallets. But in terms of what I use my mobile for, I'd love to be able to track my entire Zappa on my mobile. Because right now I do it on my desktop but I don't really do it on my mobile. Yes you can do it if you go to the Zappa website and import everything. But I'd love like a native mobile kind of like a dashboard tracker there that just works nicely on on iOS because I use an iPhone. And yeah I really like that the fact that they're kind of like building this app. And I think it's going to bring a lot of value to people. And they're also building a wallet by the way. This isn't just an app that's like Zappa itself. They're actually building a full-blown wallet which is which is definitely going to come in handy for a lot of people as well. So definitely go check this out. Even if you don't own one of the Zappa NFTs, they're pretty cheap to get your hand on one. You know whether you buy it on secondary or otherwise. So yeah if you want to check it out it's not it wouldn't be too expensive to pick up one of these. NFTs either here. All right so we have a very interesting exploit out of the inverse finance ecosystem that happened over the weekend. You can see here Igor from the block broke it down. So basically $15.6 million was stolen which is very small compared to the Ronin hack we saw. But still that's $15.6 million worth of user funds that has been stolen. The most interesting thing about this kind of exploit is that the attacker actually put up at risk 901 ETH. So in order to do this exploit they had to risk 901 of their own ETH to get to basically manipulate I believe it was an oracle manipulation that happened here in order to kind of like still these funds from the protocol. And you can read Igor's full thread here to check it out. But I mean I think that's pretty crazy right. I mean 901 ETH that's head math maybe $3 million or something like that. If I'm doing my head math correctly to steal $15.6 million. I mean obviously it was worth it but at the same time that's a big risk to take. It's like you're risking $3 million that could have gone against you if you didn't do the exploit right and it didn't work out to make another $15.6 million which is fine. I mean obviously the payout was a big deal but yeah I just thought it was like a big risk that the attacker kind of took here. But I guess unfortunate for the inverse kind of like finance team and the invoice finance project that they were exploited. You know at this point in time with all these exploits going on and I've wondered about this before I feel like 99% of projects are eventually going to be exploited in some way. Whether that's through a white hat where you know the bug is found and white hat is able to kind of like rescue the funds if a black hat does or there's a critical bug that's been found it hasn't been exploited and it gets patched by the team. You know I feel like 99% if not 100% of projects are going to go through this. In terms of what actually gets exploited and funds that get kind of like stolen and funds that get stolen and that aren't kind of like recovered or reimbursed by the protocol. You know it's probably going to be a decent percentage as well so it's always good to think about these sorts of things and think about the risks as well. This is why I always bring up risk with you guys because no matter what protocol you're using even the ones that are extremely battle tested and are like the golden trials of Ethereum and of DeFi such as Uniswap and Maker and Aave and Compound. I mean all of these things can have bugs in them. All of these things can be exploited in some way whether that's via direct export on the contracts or whether it's an oracle manipulation or some other kind of economic exploit. These things can happen so it's always good to play it safe and that's why I was talking about before with the Beacon Chain yield for staking your ETH. It's near risk free because of the fact that yes there can be bugs in there but the Beacon Chain is a lot easier to reason about because it's not doing any of the you know I mean it's doing a lot of really fancy stuff under the hood but it's not doing a lot of the stuff that has a large attack surface like what DeFi does because with DeFi you have the economic exploits which are quite intricate. I mean you have the oracle exploits which are a big deal and then you have a bunch of other ones that can be done as well such as kind of like exploiting the borrowing rate or the kind of like funding rates and kind of like flooding the market with a certain asset and then withdrawing another one. There's a bunch of fancy stuff you can do here and I'm sure we're going to see more of them but yeah anyway I just wanted to kind of like point that out. It was an interesting kind of like kind of attack here. I'll read Igor's thread for a full breakdown on how that one worked. All right so ScoopyTruples has a really really good thread that I want you all to read on STETH and REETH vaults on Alchemix and basically all the ways that you'll be able to kind of like earn an even greater yield on your ETH or on your staked ETH derivative tokens such as REETH and STETH. Now obviously there's additional risk here but I mean you can see all the use cases that Scoopy has talked about. So use case one, turbo staking, getting 11 to 13 percent on your ETH is good but what about 22 to 26 percent? You can leverage your borrowing for two times leverage effectively doubling your APY. You can self liquidate your position to exit with your original deposit plus earned yield at any time. Obviously extra risk here guys but huge. I mean 22 to 26 percent yield on ETH like paid in ETH is crazy like seriously crazy. That's a really cool use case there. Use case two, spend and save. Do you love your precious ETH stack and can't bring yourself to sell it but also want to realize some of your newfound wealth? Well you can deposit into Alchemix, borrow AL ETH and cash them out. Watch as your debt gradually melts away because it's a self-replaying loan. It's going to pay that debt back with an ETH staked yield there. Cash out plan, you know I think basically DCAing out and in and stuff like that. I mean he's got like seven use cases here which I highly recommend giving a read but this is what's going to happen guys. We're going to have the vanilla ETH staking yield, then we're going to have the derivative yield, then we're going to have the turbocharged derivative yields and I wouldn't be surprised to see 50 plus percent degen yields on staked ETH. Probably even higher than that depending on like the market action and some of these yields or a lot of these higher yields will actually depend on market action. So if the market's hot the yields will be kind of like higher. If the market's quiet the yields will be lower but you're still always going to get that vanilla yield from the protocol itself which isn't relied on market forces. So that's really really cool and really bullish but give this thread a read. Obviously be in the YouTube description below. I'm running out of time. Gone over time. I knew I was going to go over time this episode. There was so much to talk about but there's one last thing I wanted to talk about which is probably going to take me about five minutes. So this episode is going to be a long one today but Awoki shared a meme on Twitter where he's got like a picture of I guess I think that's Jesus. I don't want to insult anyone by getting this wrong here. I'm not a religious person but I'm going to assume that's Jesus talking to a bunch of people and they're saying you know I give you the tools to end climate change, poverty and corruption and the people then ask when moon, when token. We all know this right guys like this happens so much in the ecosystem when we have all these amazing tools. We can do so much good with these tools but most of the time people only care about making money from them and I've talked about this before at length where I've said that making money is fine especially people who are new to the ecosystem and their only goal is to make money because maybe they don't have much and they really want to create a lot of wealth. That's totally fine but I think there is a kind of like a fine line to tread here and I think that when you think about the greater good of society as a whole making money is a lot of the time very good for the individual because obviously the money is going to help you in your own life and it's going to help you do things to improve your own life but as a collective it can be very poisonous like for example if you make a lot of money and then you give none of it back it kind of like results in what we've been seeing with like the eighth core developers saying you know not being paid enough right public goods not being funded enough leading to tragedy of the commons and stuff like that and then people not embracing the tools to kind of like you know fight these existential issues such as climate change poverty and corruption and I think we can do better we can do a lot better and I think it's going to take a while for us to get to the point where we do better yeah because this stuff is definitely secondary to the money making aspect of crypto but as I've discussed with you guys before when I talk to people outside of crypto about what I do like people ask you know what do I do for a living in real life whether it's family members or extended family members or articles family members I describe it to them I first start off by saying I'm in the cryptocurrency industry because I know everyone knows about cryptocurrency I'm not going to mention ethereum because there's a lot of people surprising they have never heard of ethereum so I just mentioned cryptocurrency then I'm like oh yeah you've probably heard of bitcoin as well blah blah and then they're like oh yeah isn't that all a scam or you know isn't that all kind of like just kind of like a pump and dump like I see all this stuff about people losing money and then they've heard of nfts and stuff like that and I and then I spend the next like 10-15 minutes explaining what I do and explaining how there's this whole other side to crypto the tech side that you don't hear about in the mainstream media and they get really interested at that point a lot of them do end up getting very interested they're like holy shit like I had no idea that this side of kind of like cryptocurrency existed because they still think cryptocurrency is all currency they still think it's just money and they're like oh the government's going to ban it or it's not going to work because how can you have a money that goes up and down in value and then on that note when they say that I explain to them just like well your dollars go up and down in value too you're just comparing dollar to itself if you compare the dollar to what things you can purchase with it whether it be or just fiat currencies in general if you compare the things you can purchase with it your purchasing power goes down over time and I use the classic example right now of people's utility bills especially in Australia they're actually going up quite a bit I say to them how much of your bills gone up recently and they're like this this such and such I'm like okay well then your dollars haven't been stable against your bills have they and it starts ticking it starts ticking in there but that's it kind of like you know a side note there and that's more in the kind of like money front of things but then I explain to them you know how these tools can actually be used to do better coordination or have better coordination with humanity I tend to lose some people when I when I talk about this because this is like deep crypto stuff but some of them are interested in it they're like okay well you know I can see how this could work you know a lot of them say oh yeah there's a lot of corruption in the government we need there should be a better way to kind of like organize there should be a better way to do this such that blah blah and when I start talking about social media as well and I say to them social media has like you know kind of like not destroyed society but like I think on net maybe you made society worse off at least kind of like democracies because of the fact that there's so much bad information out there now and it just kind of like hits people and they find it very hard to kind of like go through the noise to find that signal but I truly do believe crypto plays a part in all of this and that's what I explained to them and and they do they do get it and some of them aren't really interested in it but you know a lot of them a lot of them do get it so yeah I mean I just thought this was a great great kind of like meme from Awoki here that kind of like really explained exactly what's what's going on like everyone just cares about money a lot of the time in the crypto ecosystem which I as I've said is totally fine guys it is not something that's bad necessarily but I think that what you know you got a lot of people should look beyond money you can make money but then think about how you can give back on obviously gitcoin grants other public goods funding like the protocol guild and stuff like that I think that's always a worthwhile cause to think about there but anyway on that note after this very long episode today I'm going to end it there so thank you everyone for listening and watching be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet give it a thumbs up subscribe to the newsletter join the discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow thanks everyone