 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligay Refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Tisano and today is the 2nd of June 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So there's been a bit of drama around the OP airdrop. So there's two parts to it I think. I think one of the bits of drama is just the general vibe towards airdrops these days. There's a lot of entitlement around that. There's a lot of people thinking that they should have gotten more than what they got. There's a lot of people kind of angry that they basically tried to farm the airdrop and it didn't succeed. Because their address gets filtered out and all that sort of stuff there. But something unique to optimism and the OP airdrop was a forum post that was kind of like posted by... Not by someone from the team. I think people got the wrong idea. No one from the optimism team posted this. But someone posted something on the forum, on the governance forum. Basically saying, hey we shouldn't give any future airdrops to people who have sold Unisop. Optimism's first airdrop. And this obviously ignited a lot of discussion within the community. And one person in particular, Kobe, decided to kind of like weigh in with all the reasons why this is a bad idea. Now the actual post itself you can go give a read. But what I want to focus on is kind of like his reasons for why he thinks it's a bad idea to basically... I guess buy users or future like buy users from getting future airdrops just because they sold the first one. And I resonate a lot with his reasoning here. So let's just go through it one by one. So his first reason is that people sell because they think the valuation of OP is currently too high. And they can wait until it becomes aligned with their expectations in order to participate in governance. And thus have a larger governance share. So I think this is true for a lot of kind of like tokens in general. I mean as I said I don't particularly want to spend too much time talking about the price of valuations of these things. But if you kind of look at past tokens and how they've been distributed. And if they have a like a low circulating supply and a high full day alluded value. More often than not they trend down right. So that might be something people are kind of like playing defensively against. They don't want to be stuck kind of like you know holding the bag if it was kind of like overvalued to them. And maybe later on they'll buy back in when they think it's a fair value. And I've seen a few people in the discord channel say that. And that's a totally kind of like valid thing to do right. And then Kobe's second point here is you know people think that the valuation is okay. But they expect a post airdrop dump. They want to buy lower and they think they can sell quickly before this airdrop dump happens and rebuy more OP. Again this goes to the trend of like most of the airdrops that we see. Especially in bear markets where you know they have like a lot of hype behind them. I mean OP was one of the most hyped kind of like tokens and airdrops. And they start off a really high valuation and then trend down over time. You can go look at so many different tokens. Even if they're part of you know really really amazing projects. ENS for example tokens being down only because it launched pretty much like. I mean it launched it got a lot of hype and then it was a high fully diluted coin. Not as bad as others you know they did a healthy airdrop for people. But still right generally it was definitely kind of like fits in that DY DX things like that right. So yeah I mean the valuation maybe is you know can be okay as well on some of these things. But there's might I mean more likely than not there's usually like an airdrop dump right. Because people obviously people want to sell like the free money that they got. So some people will kind of like wait for that to happen and be like okay well I'll sell now. And then I'll wait and buy back in sort of thing. Kobe's third point here is you know the airdrop is meaningfully large for a person's net worth. So selling some tokens makes a big difference to them. But they still believe in the future of optimism. Again totally resonate with this. Look guys like depending on how many tokens you got this could be a thousand dollar airdrop. Or it could be tens of ten thousand dollar airdrop right. So even a thousand dollars is a lot of money to a lot of people. Like imagine you know you said to someone kind of like that's not even in crypto. Hey you know he's this kind of like free one thousand dollars from this airdrop that you got. From basically just being active within kind of like the koopa community. But you know don't sell it because you might not get tokens in the future. I mean it's just kind of silly right. So of course they're going to sell it and why shouldn't they. Like I very much encourage people to sell it if it's kind of like money that could really improve their lives. You know that thousand dollars can go a lot a long way for a lot of people. And a lot of times it's more than that. So yeah again totally don't blame people for wanting to sell if it's kind of like meaningful for their net worth as well right. Next point you know they saw people sold on airdrop addresses and re-bought another addresses to anonymize their on-chain activity. Again legitimate thing to do. Might be a bit kind of tricky with taxes and things like that. I'm not sure how many people do this but there is definitely a class of people that do. And then obviously he mentions the tax obligations and I talked about this yesterday. That is probably one of the main reasons people would sell I would say. Because as soon as you claim it in a lot of jurisdictions it's basically taxed as normal income. And you have to basically cash out some to pay the tax. Or if you've got the money already you don't have to kind of like pay it but you still have to record it. And sorry you don't have to cash out the tokens to pay it. You can probably pay it from other money that you've got but you still have to record it right. So but a lot of times people just kind of cash out what they need for taxes there. And there's last two points here you know people are selling 90% of their crypto portfolio. Because they are scared of the bear market but they will re-buy in a couple of years. Of course you know that makes total sense as well. And they are fucking wrecked and this income helps them a lot. Maybe one day if they're no longer wrecked they can afford to participate in governance of the projects they believe in again. Again this goes back to his other point about people saying because it's a material part of their net worth. And yeah if you're wrecked if your portfolio has been down only because you bought at the top in November of 2021 and you're still around. Definitely you want to be taking all the money you can get and I don't blame people for that again. Now definitely go read kind of like Kobe's post here. It's quite lengthy and drives I dive deep into this stuff. But yeah I just wanted to kind of like highlight the reasons why people would kind of like sell. Even if they're bullish on optimism and OP. Even if they want to participate in governance you know there are always reasons why people kind of like want to sell these things. And look I thought it was just the original proposal was interesting. But interesting doesn't mean that I think it's good or bad. It just means that like it caught my attention. It was like oh okay you know I've thought of this before in the past. Like I mean I've thought about how to do a drops like differently. A lot of times and I've spoken about it on the refill because I think a drops at this point in time are mostly broken. And mostly don't lead to the outcomes that people want them to lead to. It's all well and good for people to get free money. Like I'm happy for people who get this money and it's actually making a material difference to their lives. But in saying that I think at the end of the day there's a lot of entitlement as I said with these airdrops. And a lot of people just think that it deserves more than what they've got. And the funny thing is a lot of these people will literally just sell it as soon as they get it. They may not even kind of like need the money for any of the reasons that that kobe's outlined here. They may just be selling it because they want to go buy some more stuff for themselves right. Maybe some more luxuries or maybe they want to want to kind of like increase their net worth. Or maybe they want to stack more ETH instead of having OP. And it's kind of like okay well should the airdrop have gone to those people to begin with. And who knows right like I'm not saying it should or shouldn't. But and it's very very hard to filter for that. But yeah I think that just airdrops in general. There's a lot more kind of stuff that needs to go into it. I did praise Optimism's airdrop originally. And I still think it's better than prior ones because of the criteria that they use. And I'm not just saying that because I got a big airdrop from it. I think in general you know widening the criteria set instead of just using hey. You know you used Optimism a couple times here's some tokens right. Or you used our app a couple times here's some tokens. I think widening this set is really good. But you know there has to be much more thought put into airdrops rather than just like the criteria. That's required and there needs to be kind of like much more thought put into tokens in general. Like you know if people want or if teams want if projects want if communities want the tokens. That they love to stop going down only they have to improve the tokenomics. Like I've talked about Uni a bunch on the refill before. I get that you know potentially sometime in the future. Uniswap can turn on the fee take and that fee take can go to Uni holders. And always kind of like well and good. But you know the longer that takes the less faith people have. And you know they just sell right. Or they just don't buy Uni. And it's taken a while at this point. And the thing is that Uniswap is still young. I'm not saying whether they should or shouldn't. But I think I spoke about this yesterday. Uniswap's governance is quite kind of like bad right now as well. I don't know if I talked about it yesterday. I was talking to someone about this where I basically said that. Yeah I was talking to someone on a call. I actually didn't say it on the refill. But basically what I was saying was that I think a lot of people in this industry get the wrong idea. About kind of like leadership and coordination roles. It doesn't mean that a project is centralized just because it has some sort of leadership. Or someone coordinating things. It's actually a really kind of like needed thing. Because you've seen what happens to projects that don't have these roles in place. They kind of say hey we've got a token now we're decentralizing to the community. And they kind of like put their DAO out there. And then they just kind of fail. Because no one's coordinating no one's leading. And anyone who steps up to lead is usually not the right person for the job. Like the funny thing about leadership voids is they most of the time get filled by the wrong people. And you've seen this play out like plenty of times in crypto and outside of crypto. So those are all things to consider there. But I encourage you to read Kobe's kind of like foreign post here. And all the replies as well. You know I mean some of the reply or probably most of the replies aren't really great. But there are some gems in there some back and forth and things like that as well. So yeah I think it's an interesting proposal overall. Again it didn't come from the core team. Even if the core team thinks it's good or bad. It didn't come from them. It came from some random account on the forum. Now whether the random account belongs to the core team I don't know. But you know that random account definitely wasn't the core team on the face there. So and nor do I think they really would be caring too much about this sort of stuff. Like I feel like future airdrops the way they're going to do it is probably going to be like very different to the way they did the first airdrop. They're going to learn from it. They're going to be iterative with it. Just like they're going to be iterative with their governance process. I kind of covered that last week I believe or the week before or something like that. But yeah anyway go check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right so something that I kind of like want to talk about when it comes to I guess like Ethereum's dominance within the ecosystem. Now this is a screenshot taken from cryptofees.info which is one of my favorite websites for tracking various things within tracking sorry the fee revenue of different crypto networks. Now this is so on there they've got like apps and layer ones and layer twos and everything. So I've just filtered it to show layer ones and layer twos kind of like here. So basically what you can see from this is that the top six of the networks that are generating the most fee revenue are all EVM based. So Ethereum layer one obviously the EVM binance smart chain is literally a fork of Ethereum. It's just a centralized fork. Optimism is EVM equivalent layer two. Arbitrum is EVM compatible. They use their own thing called the AVM but it basically functions the same way as the EVM. Avalanche the C-chain is obviously like a straight fork of Geth. And Polygon the POS chain is also kind of like EVM equivalent there is forked but like modified with their own consensus engine and things like that. So same with kind of like avalanche right. And then if you kind of like made your way down the list like if I bring up crypto fees on kind of like here there are a few others underneath but I didn't feel like it was relevant. But there's Cardano, Nia and then Phantom another EVM chain and then just like a bunch of inconsequential change. But Cardano has what $17,000 of 24 hour fees. Nia is at $13,000 and Phantom is at $12,000. So again inconsequential just generally there. But yeah you may be wondering why I look at fee revenue as something to be proud of or something that is kind of like important. It's because I think it's one of the hardest metrics to game. You can easily kind of like game or manipulate things like total value locked, active addresses and other kind of metrics like that. But with fee revenue it's extremely hard because of the fact that I mean at least on Ethereum layer one you know 80% ish of those fees are burned. So like if you're trying to and the rest of that go to miners. So even if kind of like miners wanted to I don't know for some reason make the fee revenue look larger than what it is. They could do that prior to $1559 and it might have kind of work if they work together. It's some kind of like weird thing. But post $1559 it's kind of like irrational because they would be burning 80% of the money anyway right. And the thing is the reason why I look at kind of like fee revenue as well is it just represents block space demand. Like how in demand is block space? Well, Ethereum's block space is in extreme demand. That's why people have gone to other networks either layer one, layer two, sidechains, whatever you want to go to. That's the excess demand that's kind of like falling off. That's the people who can't afford Ethereum layer one. And again that's kind of like a result of the in-demand block space here. And you can see obviously Binance Smart Chain, sorry I should say Optimism had a spike here because of the OP token launch. They're typically at around 50 to 100,000 one-day fees. Same with Arbitrum. Avalanche fees actually, the funny thing about Avalanche is I think I mentioned this but they basically their fees and activity on the sea chain collapsed because the thing that was driving most of the activity some crab game moved to its own subnet. So it kind of cannibalized itself there. And on Polygon the fees are so cheap even though they have lots of transactions more than Ethereum. It doesn't really add up to much that much fee revenue. So and Binance Smart Chain here is kind of a unique thing because you never hear anyone on crypto Twitter or anyone in the kind of like West really talking about it or using it but it's very popular in Asia from what I've heard and from my own investigation. So it is essentially like a shitcoin casino taken to the extreme. Most of the things on there are rugs. Most of the things are just kind of like shitcoins that you gamble on kind of like all these kind of like DEXs and things like that. And most of the people on there are literally just in it for the casino. It's basically the casino wing of Binance. And I don't think that's a good or bad thing. Obviously these protocols are going to be used for whatever they're going to be used for because they're kind of like neutral. And Binance Smart Chain actually kind of like surprised me with the staying power that it's had. I thought it would have kind of like gone to the wayside but yeah it's had a lot of staying power here. But as I said like in particularly in Asia not really that much in the West. All right so what's my kind of like point here? Well my point here is that the EVM, the Ethereum kind of like I guess architecture is just so stupidly popular and so widely used that even though it is strictly quote unquote worst technology, semi-solidity and you know kind of like annoys a lot of developers. It's going to be used indefinitely. It's going to be like JavaScript. It's going to be ubiquitous. Everyone's going to know it. Like if you're in smart contracts you have to learn solidity even if you're not kind of like going to be programming in or going to be working on EVM or anything like that because we've seen how hard it is to bootstrap other ecosystems. I mean Solana is the biggest ecosystem outside of sorry the biggest ecosystem that uses something that is not an EVM, that is not solidity and they've struggled to gain adoption. That's one reason why they've struggled to gain adoption. You know I think the other things are like their network going offline as well. I mean that happens way too frequently. I mean it used to be a joke but now it's happening every other day. It's kind of scary. I wouldn't trust any of my funds on that network but I guess like that's an aside to what I'm saying here. Basically my point is the EVM being such a moat is actually crazy good for Ethereum even if it's not directly driving value to ETH as an asset because obviously any of the activity on Binance Smart Chain is settled in BNB because you have to use BNB to pay the fees. It is not you know settled in ETH right. There's no ETH being paid for fees. Same with something like Avalanche. Same with Polygon even because they use Matic right. But I think at least the POS chain for Polygon. But I think you know obviously with the layer 2s they use ETH as the gas token. They settle back to ETH for their security. Pay ETH, burn ETH, all that good stuff and obviously all of the value on layer 1 Ethereum flows to ETH. But I think there's also a bunch of secondary value that flows from these kind of other chains as well because think about it. People bridge in and out of Binance Smart Chain from Ethereum. They bridge in and out of you know for Avalanche and Polygon as well and that bridging incurs a fee on Ethereum layer 1. And there's also a lot of arbitrage that goes on between them and maybe even multi-chain MEV. Maybe it's happening in a limited way right now but I think that it might happen in a bigger way down the line. So there's always first and second order effects of this sort of stuff but it just further reinforces and cements Ethereum's moat because the EVM is just so I guess like prevalent within the ecosystem. And the last two things before I move on. The thing is that it's very easy for developers to redeploy their code to EVM networks because of the fact that they don't necessarily have to get new audits. They don't have to change anything. The tooling remains the same. And the same is true for users. Like to use any of these networks all you have to do is change your RPC and metamask and it's pretty much the exact same experience as layer 1 Ethereum just with different fees essentially right. So from that point of view that's why I kind of like these things are so dominant and that just kind of like keeps building the network effect keeps reinforcing it. I think it's pretty interesting. So yeah just wanted to kind of like say some things about that but moving on. So the former employee of NFT marketplace OpenSea, Nate, is being charged in the first ever digital asset insider trading scheme. For those of you who don't know the backstory here, Nate was the head of product I believe at OpenSea, got caught doing insider trading by buying some NFTs before they were available to the public I believe. Sorry he was buying NFTs that he knew were going to be on the front page of OpenSea. And I don't think he made much money from it. I think it was like a few tens of thousands of dollars. It wasn't really that much. But essentially he's been charged here for insider trading which is from the Department of Justice in the US. Which is I guess interesting and scary right. I don't have a legal opinion on this. Obviously I'm not a lawyer. But what my opinion on this basically falls down to, I'm going to be watching this closely because NFTs aren't securities right. At least they aren't the SECA isn't classifying them as securities. They haven't brought any kind of like I guess as far as I know cases against NFT issuers to kind of like register as a security. And if NFTs are securities, does that make every collectible a security? Does that make my Pokemon cards a security? Do I have insider information when I trade my Pokemon cards or buy things because of you know, sorry my insider trading if I have some kind of information that someone else doesn't have access to due to these things. Like you know what I mean? Like it's kind of weird when you think about it because at the end of the day like NFTs, yes they're financialized products, yes they're on chain. But I think they're distinctly different from something like a normal ERC20 token. So I'm going to be watching this case closely. I don't know like I mean I think obviously this is weird as well for the fact that like Nate did some insight like some I mean he did insider trading but it was like such a small kind of like a thing for him to do you know when he was at OpenSea. And he's being charged for it. But there's scams, Ponzi's, Grifs, all these sorts of stuff happening all the time. There are centralized exchanges doing insider trading, trading against their customers all the time and nothing happens to them. So basically what this shows to me is the Department of Justice is going after the easy targets, the ones who probably don't have the money to defend themselves so they can set precedent, right? And as I said I'm not a lawyer, don't have legal experience but this is just my read on it. Because if they were to go after one of the I don't know centralized exchanges for insider trading, they have to have a pretty ironclad case against them and they know that if they go after them they're going to be in court for a long time because the defendant will be able to afford you know an all-star kind of a kick-ass legal team that will drag it out for years to come. Whereas with Nate here, you know OpenSea's not putting up any legal experience. He's not putting up any legal defense for him. He's not even at OpenSea anymore. He's going to have to fork out for it on his own and he's probably not going to be able to do that. He's probably just going to say to them, okay well you know what's the deal here? Like what deal can I take? And there's probably going to be a deal of whatever. Like maybe there's a fine, maybe there's some prison. I don't know if he'd get prison time over this. It kind of seems extreme there but maybe there's kind of like a fine, maybe he gets banned from trading, you know any kind of assets for a while, whatever, right? So I think it's all about precedent. It's all about kind of fear mongering as well and kind of like scaring other people. But at the end of the day, I feel like, you know, I mean look at DoKwan. Like he's still out there. He's still doing things. Like what the fuck? Like you know what I mean? I'm just kind of running it through my head right now and I can't really describe how like just frustrating this is to me personally after being in this ecosystem for so long. Seeing so many scammers and grifters and insider traders get away with things and then the Department of Justice in the US goes after this person who, yes, okay, he did some insider trading but the value of what he did was so low and this is just kind of like one guy. It's not like he had a whole operation of insider trading and he was already fired. Yeah, I don't know. I just, I feel sorry for Nate. And that's a funny thing to say. I can't remember if I, I don't think I went hard at him when this first happened. I'm pretty sure I talked about it on the refuel. Obviously insider trading is, you know, he's wrong. Obviously what he did was wrong, but I really feel sorry for him because now he's going to be made an example of, he's not going to be able to afford a kick ass legal team. He's not gonna be able to defend himself against this. He's going to probably have some public servant who basically says, kid, like take the fucking deal because you're going to go to jail if you don't, or you're going to go bankrupt or you're going to go broke. Right. So I think he's going to end up taking a deal or something. And as I said, I don't know. I mean, I don't think he's gonna get prison time for this. That would be really extreme. And in that case I would kind of like be like, yeah, this is just ridiculous. Like I'm pretty sure people would probably rally around raising money for him to get a better lawyer at that point. Because if the, if the DOJ could kind of like get him put in prison for this, like they're going to, they go after a lot of other people with, with precedent as well. So it's, it's kind of scary there, but again, not a lawyer. If you think I'm completely off base and completely wrong, let me know if you have legal experience, but that's kind of like my view on things. All right. Peter from the guest team put out an interesting tweet today where he said, Hey, world, it feels odd that I have to tell you this, but blockchains aren't here to take your lunch. We don't want to replace the way you do you. We want to extend what's possible and create new ways to do new things. We don't want to redo old stuff. We want to explore. So this is kind of like what I've been saying for a while as well. Like I don't believe what we're building in Ethereum is meant to take down the evil banks and evil traditional finance system and evil institutions that exist today. Ethereum is just building better and well, potentially better and kind of like newer and more efficient institutions that people can opt into using instead of using the existing system. So for example, people can opt into using DeFi instead of using TradFi, right? For a variety of different things. Obviously you can't do everything in DeFi that you can do in TradFi right now. Obviously it's riskier, but that's an option. People can opt into using the centralized social media, right? Something like lens protocol instead of using a web two platform. Obviously this stuff's still early, but you kind of like get where I'm going with this. It's not about taking down anything. It's about kind of like developing new ways of doing things and new ecosystems as kind of like Peter says here in order to give people a choice. So I just kind of like wanted to highlight this because I think it's an extremely important point that a lot of people kind of like don't get because I think what happens is, especially people outside of crypto, they see the Bitcoin community, which is very much about tearing down like the Fed, tearing down fiat, making sure these institutions collapse, you know, tearing down the banks, which is ironic because they always celebrate whenever the banks are adopting Bitcoin. But anyway, and I think people see that and they kind of like attribute that to the rest of the ecosystem, which couldn't be further from the truth for the Ethereum ecosystem. I have not seen many people in the Ethereum ecosystem kind of champion kind of like tearing down things or kind of like calling things evil or anything like that. It's more about building new and better systems. So just kind of like wanted to highlight that from Peter here. All right, so volts protocol is now live on main net in an alpha launch state. So the alpha launch means that the LP is capped at $1.5 million per pool. Don't know if this is being kind of like reached already the cap here, but yeah. So basically what you can do with volts is trade rates with leverage for the first time in DeFi, earn market neutral yield and build the future of finance. So you can opt in and change everything. There's a little video here if you want to check that out and you can join their discord channel. So yeah, this is pretty cool. I mean, disclosure here, I'm an investor in volts kind of like protocol here. They've been heads down building for quite a while and now it's finally live on main net, which is really, really awesome. So basically what volts is in a nutshell and they describe themselves as a non-custodial automated market makeup for interest rate swaps. Now, if you don't know, I mean, I think a lot of you would know what an AMM is like it's uni swap based. I mean, uni swaps an AMM, right? But if you don't know what interest rate swaps are, you got to go learn it, right? Like, I mean, this is something that normal regular people in the traditional finance system will pretty much never touch. It's not something that you need to touch. Really. It's something that a lot of traditional finance people do, something that a lot of banks do. It's very important to their day to day, but it's definitely not something that you and I have to worry about. But now with DeFi, you get the opportunity to do these sorts of stuff if you want to. So you can go check it out. I'll link this in the YouTube description, but yeah, this is cool. Cool to see it on my channel. This is cool. Cool to see it on main net. Cool to see, I guess like you'd be, I mean, you'd be able to trade these rates with leverage as well. So if you're like DJ and you can go leverage, I know I tell you guys not to leverage all the time, but I know some of you are just going to do it anyway. So this gives you the ability to do it, right? I'm of the opinion that like we should, we shouldn't not build tools just because they're risky and dangerous. We should build all the tools that we can and people can, you know, should be able to do whatever they want with them, but we should still warn them of the kind of like risks as well. So if you're like, Hey, I'm going to build a new protocol on main net. I'm going to build a new protocol on vaults. He's launching with a cap per pool. They're not just going full DJ and where they're like, you know, Hey, everyone throw lots of money into this and it will be good. No, I mean, this is a new protocol on main net. I'm going to obviously run it through. It's kind of like paces here and make sure that that everything's running smoothly before putting more and more money in, but also not just kind of like security wise, but also the mechanism of how vaults protocol works as well. So you can go check that out if you haven't yet. All right. So basically for those of you who don't know the ESP or ecosystem support program gives money to various teams within the ecosystem to build various things. So this update highlights Nimbus for their fluffy portal client and portal network development, which is basically working on light clients for Ethereum and Paul Miller for Ethereum cryptography improvements as well. So you can read the blog post for a full breakdown here. I just wanted to hide that for you guys. I'm coming up on time here, so I'm going to try and get through the yesterday's updates. Coinbase cloud today announced that they have donated or committed a million dollars for public goods funding through Gitcoin, including $200,000 for the upcoming grants around 14. This is awesome. I love this. I mean, the funny thing is Coinbase cloud, I mentioned them yesterday, how they've done really well with client diversity on the beacon chain front. They seem to really care about Ethereum beyond just kind of like profiting from it as a kind of like exchange, right? I mean, Coinbase cloud is obviously part of Coinbase. They profit off of Ethereum by kind of like enabling trading of ETH and the other Ethereum based assets and stuff like that. But they're also giving a lot back there. You know, they're obviously a staking service provider there. They care about client diversity. They kind of like listen to us when we said, Hey guys, you know, you need to get that prison usage down. And now they're kind of like donating a million dollars to public goods funding, which I mean, you guys know a public goods maximalist. I love seeing this sorts of stuff, but I think it sends a strong signal when companies like Coinbase do these sorts of things because it basically says, Hey, you know, yes, we're a centralized company. Yes, we kind of like are for-profit company, but we can still give to public goods. We can still kind of like give lots of money to public goods and you should as well. So very, very cool to see this. And thank you to Coinbase for putting money towards public goods. All right. So May was another record month for ENS. So there was 365,000 new dot ETH registrations last month. It was $9.6 million in protocol revenue, 3900 ETH in fees, 57,000 new ETH accounts with at least one ENS name and 10,500 ETH of open sea volume. And you can see the chart here comparing it to other months. ENS is on a tear. That's pretty crazy, right? I mean, you can see back in November-ish, I guess when the token launched, obviously have that a spike in activity. And then there was a, you know, kind of like a lull there, but it's still ended up kind of like higher than it was before the token. But now we're just had two straight months of like really, really awesome growth. So amazing to see this. I mentioned yesterday how I thought ENS was one of the only sustainable applications in kind of like Ethereum right now. And you know, this is proof of that, I think. So yeah, congrats to ENS on this growth here. I'd love to see it continue. All right. So another project that caught my eye today is one that I haven't talked about before is coming from kind of like GFX Labs. And they basically said in a tweet here, today, GFX Labs is proud to introduce the world to interest protocol or interest DeFi or IP. It's the next step in the evolution of DeFi. It inherits most of the strengths of Maker, Aave and Compound while removing weaknesses here. So how does it work? Basically, IP or kind of like interest protocol provides over collateralized loans to borrowers. These loans are dominated in USDI, which is IP's new stablecoin. And USDI can also be minted by depositing USDC. USDI rebases to reflect accrued interest, all USDI earns interest and all USDI can be redeemed for USDC. Now, rebases doesn't mean this is an algorithmic stablecoin. It is tied to kind of like USDC here and rebases based on kind of interest accrue. It doesn't rebase based on some arbitrary rule set that will lead to a death spiral. So just want to kind of get that out there. And you know, it's kind of like a normal money market rates for depositors and borrowers determined by IP's interest rate curve. High utilization means high interest rates to attract deposits while low utilization encourages borrowing. At every utilization rate, IP bests are there and a compound borrowing rate. So basically, a competitor to the existing money markets out there. It's cool to see that they're accepting three collateral right now from launch, ETH or wrapped ETH, wrapped Bitcoin and UNI. UNI is an interesting choice there. I think maybe its liquidity profile is good enough to have them kind of like onboard here, but I'm sure they're going to onboard other assets as time goes on. So if you're looking for a new kind of like money market protocol to kind of like look into and one that does things a little bit differently with that kind of like rebasing for reflecting the interest here, definitely go give interest protocol a look. You can go check out this. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so Immutable announced today they're launching the first prototype of their end user reward system. So for a limited period of time, trades on any supported marketplace on Immutable can be eligible to get part of a $2 million reward pool, which is denominated in IMX tokens. If you're an Immutable user, definitely keep this in mind. You may be eligible for some of these rewards. If you are on there, kind of like trading NFTs or kind of like interacting with various marketplaces on there. There's a few on there now. I think, you know, they've got the Gods Unchained, they've got Alluvium, there's a few other Guild of Guardians and some other kind of like games on there. And they're onboarding more all the time. So definitely a lot to do on Immutable these days. So, you know, and you're going to get rewarded for it. We're potentially rewarded for it in IMX tokens starting June 2nd. So starting today. So definitely check this out for more details. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right, finally here, I just wanted to give a kind of like quick shout out to Michael Sproul here for kind of putting together. He's put together a new staking machine in preparation for the merge. You can see the specs there. But I just love, what I love about kind of like when people share this is everyone's got their own kind of like unique setup. Like you can see here, he's got like this pink Silverstone case, which is just really cool, really eye-catching. Could you imagine someone coming over to his house and being and kind of looking at that and being like, hey, man, like what's that? Like that's cool. And then he'd be like, oh, it's my staking box. And he could probably get into a conversation with someone and explain what staking is, what Ethereum is. And it's kind of like a conversation starter. And I've said this before about my own box, which used to be behind me, but now it's like over there. I'm in the old videos, you can see it, my staking box. But it definitely is a conversation starter with people. And I get to kind of like eat pill them to some extent. So and what I love about kind of like at-home staking like this is that you can do anything you want. You can have any case you want. You can put it in a desk. Like there's PCs that people put into desks. You can mount it on a wall. You can have like a really fancy case and kind of like get creative with it, right? Get credit with the specs, kind of like get credit with everything. And I think it's just really cool. And I just wanted to kind of like highlight that because if you are someone who solo stakes, make it interesting, right? Like if you actually, I mean, if you're into it, like maybe you're not into that sort of stuff, but I mean, me personally, I love building computers. I built computers since I was like 13 years old. I love everything got to do with technology. I mean, like I built this bad boy behind me. This is my main computer. It's huge. It's the Corsair 1000D case. It's like a meter high. But like I built all that and I'm adding stuff to it all the time and kind of tinkering with stuff. And I have other computers that I built too around me, obviously my staking box and a bunch of other things. I just love it. And what I love about my staking box is that I built it, put it there. It's been humming along. You know, I sometimes kind of like upgrade it. I had more storage space from time to time as well. But yeah, I just love kind of like all that sorts of stuff. But anyway, I think on that note, I'm going to end it there. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.