 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deliway Refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Cisano and this is the 7th of April 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So some massive news out of Arbitrum today. That the Arbitrum Nitro DevNet is now live. So obviously Arbitrum Nitro has been teased for quite a while. I've spoken about it plenty of times on the Refuel before. And I believe it was first spoken about later last year I believe. And it is finally on DevNet. Now in this blog post Offchain Labs describes basically what it is. And the TLDR is basically Arbitrum Nitro is ready. And today we're launching a fully featured Nitro DevNet built on Ethereum's girly testnet. We're also opening up the codebase and detailing our plans for a seamless Arbitrum 1 migration. Arbitrum Nitro is the most advanced roll-up stack ever built. And it enables massively higher throughput and lower fees. And developers can start building on Nitro DevNet by following this link here. And you can get ETH from the Twitter force set. Now I'll let you guys read through the blog post yourself of course. But basically I want to kind of like make it clear to you that this is Arbitrum Nitro as it will be on Mainnet. So this is basically it's obviously on DevNet right now. Which I mean kind of like the testnet right on the girly testnet for developers to kind of familiarize themselves with. But this will be what's deployed to Ethereum Mainnet and to I guess like the Arbitrum 1 Mainnet once it's ready to go there. And also they've talking about the migration here. So the way the migration is going to work is that you won't have to do anything. Like want to make it as seamless as possible for both users and developers to basically just keep using the Arbitrum 1 network that they know and love. But with all the benefits that are coming with Nitro such as faster and cheaper transactions. Which I think is really really cool. I mean you remember Optimism had to do a regenesis event when they did their OVM 2.0 upgrade. And it was fine for them to do that at the time because there wasn't much activity on Optimism back then. There's only a few apps. But they couldn't do it again now. There's obviously a busing ecosystem on there now. And same with Arbitrum right. There is just too much kind of like applications, too many users, too much kind of value on these networks now for that to happen again. So any of these future upgrades that need to take place will need to basically be done as kind of like a seamless upgrade. Kind of what happens with Ethereum Layer 1 right. Where we do hard forks and it's not like we have to kind of get everyone to migrate across. It's all done seamlessly in the background. And that's you know they're going to be the same thing for the merge. Which I'm going to talk about a little bit later. But basically you have to do it when the network has that much activity on it. There's no way you can coordinate everyone around you to successfully kind of migrate across. It'd just be way too much overhead. So you've always got to find that seamless way to do it there. But I'm super excited for this. I mean as I mentioned you know Layer 2 is like Arbitrum and Optimism and all the others have a lot of activity on them these days. So you can go into L2Beat and kind of track all this. There's over $7 billion of TVL in these L2s right now. $4 billion alone in Arbitrum. DYTX is still up there with a billion. Optimism is at $633 million and then you can kind of like see the rest here. But they're growing quite nicely and it's not just the TVL. I've noticed that the unique users and the transactions on these networks are going up. And kind of like the fee revenue that they're generating as well which is always a good sign. And this is all without native token incentives for something like Arbitrum right. Like obviously there are projects on Arbitrum that will be doing their own token incentives. But the Arbitrum network itself doesn't have any token incentive. It doesn't even have a token yet I guess. It's probably going to have one in the future. But I think the longer that these networks can go with getting adoption without doing a native token, the better. Because then when they do their token it can act as a complement rather than something that is like critical to the growth and success of the network. And I think that's the way a lot of these teams are playing it. Obviously I mentioned yesterday Polygon has their new liquidity mining program for the Polygon POS chain. Which is going to be a good case study I think. It's going to be something that will be really good to study and see kind of like what happens with it and see how successful it is. Because then maybe some of these other scaling teams can look at that and use that right. And use that in their own kind of like program. So that's very very exciting. But yeah if you want to learn more about Nitro and everything that it entails and kind of like what the process is going to be going forward from here. Definitely check out this blog post. Yeah I'm super excited about it. And on that note as well Polygon had a great thread about Arbitrum Nitro's announcement today. Where they said Arbitrum Nitro is an incredibly flexible and future proof architecture. And here's my speculation. My being Polyner speculation. Run any VM virtual machine. Fraud proofs, validity proofs or future proving tech. Alternate constructions like any trust which are strictly superior than Alt-L1s. And decentralized sequences. And then Polyner continues by saying. A common misconception is that Arbitrum or Optimism will lose because they will forever be optimistic roll-ups. Firstly that's ignorant. ORs are incredibly powerful and will be for years to come. Yes some of the early implementations were lacking but they are improving rapidly. At the same time I strongly believe ZK roll-ups are the end game. And at some point in the next two to four years will decisively surpass ORs. With Nitro and Canon. Canon being Optimism's prover architecture. Both Arbitrum and Optimism have a direct path forward to validity proofs. Either optimistically or pessimistic. Pessimistic. Pessimistically. I.e. ZK roll-ups. So this is I guess something that I've been telling you guys for a while. That's optimistic roll-ups today and probably in the next couple of years are going to be the better solution. Just until we get these ZK roll-ups out there and these AVMs out there and get the cost down. Get the proving cost down. But at the same time it doesn't mean that they're going to be made obsolete or they're going to be left in the dust. I really do truly think that there is a world where we have both very successful optimistic and ZK roll-ups. And then it just really comes down to the user experience. And as I've described before it all comes down to the user experience. Where as long as the fees which I believe are going to trend towards zero are consistent across all of these layer 2 networks. As long as they're fast. Right. I mean realistically you can get it to be as fast as you want. You can get like sub-second transactions. But realistically like a one or two second transaction confirmation speed is fine. Right. For end users. They don't care about that. But I guess like if you want it to be faster than that within kind of like sub-second maybe machines care about that. Maybe bots and stuff like that. But for end users the way I kind of think about it is when you like load up a website. Right. I think the click-off rate for a website goes up dramatically if it takes more than a few seconds to load the page. I think the same thing would be true for a kind of like a transaction on these L2 networks. So and they're already at like one second or less. So I mean getting it faster than that which Nitro aims to do getting it to kind of like sub-second transaction confirmations here. Is just the cherry on top really at the end of the day. Like I personally don't mind waiting two seconds or even three seconds for my transaction to be confirmed. But then after that it starts to get a bit of a drag. Right. Depending on you know what you're doing if you're a power user you definitely want to have it as fast as possible. But it's the same kind of logic that I have towards loading up a website. Like if a website doesn't load within a few seconds. I will one I'll be like okay it's my internet down. Two I'll be like okay is this particular website down. And or three I'll just be like oh okay is this particular website just kind of like coded up wrong. Or they're just kind of like not taken into account efficiency or anything like that. And I'll click off right. And within that time that's like 10 to 15 seconds right there. So you obviously want to make it so that the users don't have to think about that sort of stuff. That things just always load seamlessly within a couple of seconds at most. I think the same is going to be true for transactions at these layer twos. And they're already doing it today as I said. It's one second I mean Arbitrum and Optimism and all the others. Super fast transactions don't have to worry about them. Which is really really cool. But yeah great thread from Polio here just adding more context around Arbitrum's announcement today. Around the Nitro DevNet being live. All right so a great tweet here from Data Always again. Where they said beacon chain deposits have been about 10 times the burn rate for the past month. Liquid staking accounting for about two-thirds of new inflows. 3.96 billion dollars total the last 30 days. So I've been talking to you guys about how beacon chain I guess deposits. Eth staking deposits have been going up exponentially. And the validator queue has been staying around 13,000 to 14,000. Right now if I check it, it is 14,100. It went up again. Like we're clearing 1200 validators a day. But it just keeps going up. There is so much FOMO to stake Eth right now it's totally insane. And this chart kind of like shows that. You can see here from basically when the beacon chain went live. The rate at which the dollar denominated kind of. He was going in. Now obviously the dollar nominations are going to change depending on the Eth price. But the Eth price was higher in May of 2021. And in I guess like October, November of 2021 than it is today. But today we have more dollar denominated Eth kind of like staking demand going in. As Data Always says here 4 billion dollars in the last 30 days alone. Which is crazy. Now there is a bit of an issue here I think in that a lot of this staked Eth is going in via. Liquid staking services such as Lido. And I think as I pointed out the other day. The majority is going through via Lido. Obviously we want to be promoting alternative solutions like Rocket Pool. There's one called Swell Network that I became aware of the other day. And that you know I'm sure there's going to be others out there. But that's one thing that we definitely need to be kind of like conscious of. But at the same time as I said before I don't think Lido is that bad. Like I actually think it's much better than a centralized exchange for example. Because at least Lido distributes the stake. Rather than kind of like a centralized exchange which doesn't do that. So I think when you kind of like take that into account. And think about it from that perspective it's okay. But then you know when you kind of like think about it as kind of like a centralization risk. Well yeah okay we could be doing a lot better here. And that's why I promote all the other you know staking liquid staking providers. Especially the decentralized ones like Rocket Pool. Because we definitely want to kind of like push more adoption there. And want to be aware of it. Now it's not something that I see a lot of people talking about. And I guess that's because it's just kind of like a more of a nuanced issue. It's kind of like the client diversity thing. And it's kind of like hard to convince people to go with one solution over the other. If they've already made their mind up. And it's also kind of like I guess a awareness thing. Like a lot of people may be aware of Lido but not aware of Rocket Pool. And that comes back to marketing. I actually think that the one thing that the Rocket Pool ecosystem is lacking. Is marketing and business development. That needs to ramp up if they want to grow to what they want to get to. I know a lot of people that are a part of the Rocket Pool community listen and watch my show. So take that as a bit of feedback guys. Like if I had to give any feedback it would be that you need to ramp up marketing and business development. Because Lido definitely does a lot of it right. They do a lot of marketing and BD. Especially in the background. And they're able to onboard bigger players because of that as well. So that's something that Rocket Pool and other services should focus a lot of their efforts on. If they want to take market share away from Lido. Because if they don't then yeah. I mean it's just going to the liquid ETH stake is just going to keep it being concentrated within the Lido ecosystem. Which you know just is kind of going to be the way it is for now. But anyway cool to see a lot more ETH going into staking regardless. I'm very excited to see this trend continue over the coming months. All right so actually I'm going to cover this tweet first. I put out two tweets today. I was feeling incredibly bullish. So I was like you know what screw it. The ETH price already dumped. If I put out bullish tweets now it's probably not going to dump the price. And it didn't. But anyway jokes aside. I put out this kind of like tweet where I summarized the merge. I said the merge is summarized. And you guys know all this already. I'm just going to go through it for the sake of it. The Ethereum network will be fully proof of stake right. No more proof of work. Mine is completely gone. It'll be a full proof of stake network. One Ethereum network secured by the Beacon chain. And because of this there will be a 99.98% energy use reduction. Which is an actual figure put together by people who did actual research. On how much of an energy reduction that will be coming with proof of stake. This isn't just me pulling a number out of my ass. This is backed by real research. Then there's an 80 to 90% ETH ISRA introduction. Which we all know about already. This is something that gets talked about a lot. It's called the triple halvening. As the term coined by Squish Chaos. I don't need to repeat myself there. The staked ETH APY is going to increase. That's because of the unburned fee revenue going to stakers. And possibly MEV as well. I've talked about that a lot. ETH becomes net deflationary. Because right now as long as the gas price is above 20 Gwei. It's enough to keep ETH net deflationary every single block post merge. Which I think a lot of people aren't aware of. I think people have still got hung up about. And this is like the lowest IQ take that I see. When people say things like. Oh but ETH has a limited supply. It doesn't have a supply cap blah blah blah. It's like guys like pay attention. Like stop being stupid. And just pay attention for a second. Like I just can't believe that people are still saying this. When it's kind of like. That you can see that we're burning ETH. And post merge you can see what the issuance is going to be. It's not hidden. It's literally directly coded into the protocol. It's freely available information. And you can see that post merge. As long as the gas price is at 20 Gwei I think or above. ETH will be net deflationary every single block. So it gives a shit about a supply cap right. I just yeah it's just puzzling to me. And most of the time it's just Bitcoin. And I think the Bitcoin is just coping here. And just trying to kind of like be bearish on ETH. When it's kind of impossible to be bearish on ETH. So yeah anyway rant over there. Mini rant over there. And then the last point is one that's very very misunderstood. I noticed from reading through the replies. Where I said no new ETH enter circulation. Until at least six months after the merge. Now you guys know this is because withdrawals of staked ETH. And rewards aren't enabled until the Shanghai update. Which doesn't come out until at least six months after the merge. So there's a lot of confusion around this still. Like a lot. People are like you know how can there be no new ETH entering circulation. Well it's because like all the rewards earned up until this stage. From December 1st 2020 when the Bigin Chain launched to today. Or until the merge are still locked post merge. Because we don't have that withdrawal logic in kind of the network. So no one can withdraw any of the rewards. And they can't withdraw. And they also can't withdraw their staked ETH as well right. Until and then there's a limit on that as well. Because there's an exit queue. And then I finished this tweet off by saying you don't own enough ETH. I mean none of us will ever own enough ETH. I mean you know what like it's just. I mentioned this yesterday where I said kind of like how bullish I was on ETH. And how bullish I continue to be. And I just get more bullish over time. But I'm not going to rehash that. What I wanted to focus on here actually was one point. Which was this energy use reduction. I really do think people still underestimate how good this is going to be. For the Ethereum narrative in the mainstream non-crypto space. Because if you think about it the narrative right now around proof of work is horrible. And it's so bad that the majority of people that aren't in crypto. Hate crypto because of proof of work. Especially the NFT crowd. Now imagine when we basically get off of work. And we don't have to deal with that anymore. We can basically say look we changed from proof of work to proof of stake. We've reduced our energy footprint by 99.98%. And you know you may think that NFTs are scams. But at least you know they're not harming the environment anymore sort of thing. And on top of that then and this is actually bad for Bitcoin. There's going to be a lot of people asking the question of why can't Bitcoin do this? And now obviously you know those of us in the ecosystem know exactly why. It's not just an easy thing for this to happen. I mean it wasn't an easy thing for Ethereum to switch from proof of work to proof of stake. And obviously for Bitcoin to do it would be not it wouldn't be a technical challenge. It would be a social challenge. Now that narrative is going to get even worse for Bitcoin. They're going to have to deal with the proof of work is bad narrative. Whether that's right or wrong it doesn't matter. They're gonna have to deal with all the hate that comes with that. A soul and they're going to be the only network that has to deal with it. Because the rest of them don't really matter. Like Dogecoin and Litecoin they're tiny compared to Bitcoin in terms of energy use. So they don't matter at all. And Ethereum will no longer be proof of work after the merge. And then they have to deal with everyone saying well Ethereum changed why can't you? And I know Bitcoin is don't care about this. But it actually does harm adoption I think of Bitcoin. Because a lot of the bigger money isn't going to want to touch Bitcoin if it becomes too toxic. And it's sort of like how a lot of the bigger money doesn't want to touch certain kind of like things. If they become too toxic certain brands and stuff like that. Certain stocks, certain companies and they tend to pull out because of that. Especially if the money that they're managing is telling them hey you know their clients are telling them. Hey we don't want you touching this technology because we believe it's bad but yada yada yada. It doesn't even matter if it's true or not. All that matters is if you know the institution or the big money stands to lose customers or money. They're probably going to take the easy kind of like way out and say okay well you know we're not going to invest in Bitcoin. We're going to invest in these other things. So I think that there's going to be a lot of tailwinds post merge. Especially around the kind of like energy use reduction and a lot of headwinds for Bitcoin as well. So that's a bullish ETH bearish BTC case. And that staked ETH APY increasing as well is going to lead to a lot of new ETH being locked up. Which I think people don't realize that it's happening right now. That's why the validated queue is so big. Because a lot of people finally clued into the fact that hey you know that post merge the APY is going to spike. And you're going to get like a near risk-free yield on your ETH. And if you do it through liquid staking services you can still keep exposure to the ETH and still use that in DeFi and things like that. So yeah taking this all together guys. It's the merge is going to be the most bullish thing in Ethereum's history to happen. I can't think of anything else that would be as bullish to be honest. So this is really it. And you know I don't think that it's not like it is not going to keep increasing in value after the merge or you know for years after the merge. No not at all. But in terms of the impact that the merge is going to have as I summarized here. There's nothing else in Ethereum's roadmap that will come close to this. Yes obviously sharding is a really big deal. Yes there's a few AIPs in there they're a big deal. Yes stuff like statelessness and vertical trees are a big deal. But they do not touch the amount of things that the merge touches. They cannot be reasoned about in such a way that be given like a really good narrative. You know nothing beats an 80-90% ETH infrastructure narrative. Like that alone not even accounting for everything else. That alone is massive right in terms of kind of like ETH value or cruel. Then you kind of layer everything else on top. And yeah so this is why the merge to me is the most exciting thing that's ever happened in Ethereum. And possibly going to be the most exciting thing that will ever happen in Ethereum. But that doesn't mean there won't be a ton of other exciting things coming down the pipeline. But if you're around now guys you are literally going to be a part of history. And going to be a part of the biggest thing to happen in Ethereum. Let alone crypto. I think this is the first time that a large crypto network will be hot swapping their consensus from proof of work to proof of stake. This is unprecedented. So again stick around for the merge for sure. Because it's going to be something really really amazing. It's going to be something really cool to be a part of. And I think just having that memory is going to serve you well going forward. So yeah anyway that's enough on that tweet. And then I put out another tweet which was again I believe very bullish. Where I said, Sailor Michael Sailor started buying BTC in August of 2020 and has so far accumulated 129,000 BTC worth 5.6 billion dollars of which he can sell whenever he wants. The Ethereum network started burning ETH in August of 2021 and has so far burned 2.08 million ETH worth 6.6 billion dollars of which can never be recovered. So obviously this is not like a direct comparison. It's kind of like maybe apples to oranges. But the point of this tweet was for me to show that in half the time that it has taken Sailor to accumulate BTC worth less than the amount of ETH that's being burned. Yeah we've burned like more ETH than Sailor's accumulated in just half the time. And on top of that Sailor can sell whenever he wants. He says he's never going to sell but it doesn't matter what he says right. Like I don't trust what people say especially people like Sailor and he could be forced to sell for any number of reasons as well. Maybe he dies and the BTC goes to you know someone else that sells the BTC or anything like that right. You can't just say he'll never sell or it'll never be sold because that's just not a guarantee you can make. Whereas with the burned ETH the only way to recover this ETH like I said of which can never be recovered because I ran out of tweet space. There is one way in which this can be recovered and that's if the entire Ethereum network was to put through an EIP that basically says hey let's you know recover all the burned ETH and put it back into circulation. The chances of that happening are basically 0%. Like it's not exactly 0% of course because there's always a chance it could happen for whatever reason but it's pretty much 0%. So from that point of view you can have a guarantee or almost a guarantee a 99.99% guarantee that that ETH is gone forever never be recovered. And you can verify this by looking at the Ethereum network itself. And guys this ETH burning exists forever and ever and ever. It doesn't stop it will exist for a hundred years from now, 20 years from now. As long as the Ethereum network is live and people are using it and paying gas fees on it. There will always be some amount of ETH being burned perpetually forever unless again the network or the community decides to remove the burn or something like that. Which can happen right but I don't see a reason why that would happen anytime soon or ever to be honest. Maybe it does I mean who knows in a hundred years maybe something happens to make that happen. But yeah the Ethereum network is going to be perpetually burning ETH for as long as 1559 exists on it. So yeah again if you're not bullish enough already there's another kind of like bullish tweet for you guys. And I think that the funny thing is is that there are probably a lot of big money out there that have been buying ETH as well. Since Saylor started buying BTC and they just aren't publicizing it like Saylor does. So yeah I don't know I think this is I mean you look at the BTC ratio it's outperforming right. It has outperformed since August of 2020 as well and I think that nothing can stop the ETH train at this point. Anyway enough bullish stuff for today. I got a couple of other updates to get through and then we'll end it up. So Loopring put out their Q1-22 report which is what we kind of like an update report here that you can kind of read through. A lot of great stuff here. So major milestones as listed here in the blog post. Over 4.6 billion dollars in trading volume on Loopring L2. Over 3 million NFTs minted. Over 65,000 L2 accounts and almost 30,000 Loopring smart wallets are now activated. With over 12,000 new wallets added in Q1 alone. You can see the growth here has been awesome for Loopring. Kind of like flattened out during last year but has kind of exploded in value over Q1. I think that's due a lot to their marketing and business development efforts. They seem to have a very big army behind them. They're obviously doing stuff with GameStop and things like that. But yeah very cool to see this because Loopring is one of those L2 ecosystems that are kind of like built from the ground up. They're their own ecosystem. They're kind of building their own thing and they're not piggybacking off any of the other existing technologies. And have full control over their whole stack which is a really cool approach I believe. And they're actually you know driving value with not only with their trading volume with their exchanges with NFT minting. And with their smart wallets and Loopring pay and all that sort of stuff. So very very very cool to see this. You can read this whole blog post for a detailed breakdown everything Loopring. But very very exciting times for them. The growth has been amazing. I hope it continues for them. I mean Loopring is a very very Ethereum aligned team. They've been building in Ethereum for a very long time now. I think since 2017 is when they did their ICOs. So they're not a new team. They're an old team that has just been grinding away building cool tools for people to use. And if you're not on Loopring yet be sure to to get on there. I mean the smart wallets are awesome. They're kind of similar to Arjun's smart wallet if you've used that before. And you know on layer 2 it costs a lot less to create one of these wallets. On layer 1 it costs hundreds of dollars I think. And that's why it kind of like it was moved to layer 2 as well. But definitely check it out. I'll link this in the YouTube description below. All right finally here we have Polygon with an update on their kind of Polygon avail solution here. So essentially it's that they've said they're sharing their vision of Polygon avail. Which is a new data availability blockchain that improves scalability across the board. Now the way you can think about Polygon avail is basically Polygon's answer to Celestia. If you guys have been looking into Celestia lately. And you can kind of like see how it all works here. You have avail as a data availability layer. You have the execution layer and then you have the sediment layer obviously being Ethereum there. The execution layers can be anything from basically Validiums and Validities to any trust chains with Arbitrum and stuff like that. And Polygon avail just acts as like that data availability layer. Which I find to be very very cool. And these are kind of like these hybrid scalability solutions that I've talked about before. They're not technically layer 2s or roll-ups. If they kind of like have their data not secured by Ethereum layer 1 itself. But they're still much more secure than Alt L1s and stuff like that. But you can read their blog post here to get more information on Polygon avail. And how this kind of like all works. And they've also announced that avail is going to be on test net in Q2 which is awesome. I mean we are in Q2. Like April, May, June is Q2 guys. So they'll be sharing kind of like more on this as time goes forward. And kind of like when that goes live obviously they'll be announcing that as well. So very very cool to see this. Definitely give this blog post a read if you haven't yet. I'll link in the YouTube description. All right I have a few minutes left here guys. Want to kind of like touch on one thing. And I mean it's kind of market related but not really. So the market people kind of like actually okay let me take a step back here. I wanted to touch on the what I think is really really silly. And what people do a lot within the crypto ecosystem around the market. Is that the market will be bullish for like two or three weeks. Like we've seen in the past two or three weeks. It will be basically up only. I mean if I look at the chart right now. ETH bottomed at around March 14th at $2,500. $2,500 we went to $3,600 almost $3,600 on April 4th. Which in you know basically three weeks we went up only. With basically no I mean a little bit of down movement on a day or so here. And now we've come down from $3,600 to $3,230. And people are like oh my god like what's happening? Are we bearish again? Is it a bear market? It's like what? Like I don't understand. Like I know a lot of people are shit posting. But there are a lot of people who are being serious when they say this. And I'm like guys like what are you talking about? We just went up from $2,500 to $3,600 in three weeks right? And that's ETH moving up. That's not just some random coin moving up by a decent amount. That's ETH which requires billions of dollars to move up. You don't think that people are going to take profits? You don't think that traders especially the ones that are leveraged are going to close out their positions just to play it safe? Of course they are. So again I mean this is an investment advice. This is just me kind of like trying to bestow a lot of the experience I've had in these markets. Like looking at this sort of day-to-day stuff is so pointless. That's why I don't talk about day-to-day crypto stuff. I know there are other channels out there that do. And some of them are actually pretty good. Like I mentioned Benjamin Cohen before. He talks about the markets every single day. But the thing with Ben is that he actually takes the macro view. Even though he's talking about the day-to-day movements, he's always talking about the macro view which is the longer term view. And that's kind of like what I talk about too. Like I always talk in years and sometimes decades. I'm not looking at the day-to-day stuff. Like who cares about the day-to-day stuff? Like really at the end of the day if you cared about the day-to-day stuff in 2019 where ETH was like $1-$200 and you were like, oh ETH went up, oh it's gone back down, oh ETH went down. And you weren't buying, you were just waiting to buy. What was the point, right? Like you could have bought at any, I mean ETH I think went from $1-$360 in 2019. It was between that range for the whole year. Obviously, you know, pretty volatile and things like that as crypto is. But if you had bought at any point in that and just kind of like waited it out, you'd be fine now, right? You'd be up a ton. You'd be up like almost 10 times still. If you bought the top, right? And ETH didn't stay at $360 for long. So when you kind of like think about it like that, I just don't understand why people look at these day-to-day moves. And especially if they're not traders and they're supposedly long-term investors and they kind of like start panicking. They're like, oh my god, we're going down. It's like, what are you, it's gonna go up only forever. Like people are gonna take profits. Like of course, like and then the irony is a lot of these people who are complaining are eventually gonna take profits themselves. So like they want there to be liquidity there for them to take profits and then they don't care what happens after that probably. But yeah, just a little bit of commentary around that. I know it's not really you guys doing it. I know a lot of you guys are pretty clued in and definitely take the longer term investor approach here. But I just see this on Twitter all the time. And I just caution against getting caught up in that because it doesn't really make any sense to get caught up in that. It doesn't make any sense to look at the day-to-day stuff unless you're a trader. If you're a long-term investor, look at the day-to-day stuff is literally pointless for you. So yeah, anyway, I'm gonna leave it at that for today there. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.