 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Way Refuel. Wary capital news near Theorem Ecosystem. I'm your host, the Enteric Sano and today's the 13th of January 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So another day, another bug in the Kintsugi Emerge testnet here. This bug is currently being worked on and being fixed. I think it actually ended up getting fixed, which is a tweet that I'm going to get to in a sec. But, you know, as I've been kind of like saying over the last few weeks, kind of paying attention to this testnet, we want these bugs to be found on the testnet and not on mainnet, obviously, right? This is what testnets are for. This is the whole kind of like point here. And, you know, I would actually be more worried if bugs weren't being found in this testnet and that everything was running smoothly because then you start to think, oh, okay, well, did we miss something, right? Is there going to be something critical that kind of happens on mainnet and that we missed it on testnet and kind of like, it'll be like a really big deal once it happens on mainnet, obviously, because with testnet, there's nothing really at stake. You know, there's no economic value at stake. There's no one really affected by it. So you can chop and change whatever you want. Like it's obviously fully centralized. Whereas on mainnet, it's a completely different story, right? There's billions of dollars of value at stake or hundreds of billions of dollars of value at stake. There's also the challenge of kind of like, it's a decentralized ecosystem. So if something went wrong, trying to kind of like fix that would be a lot harder. You know, I mean, obviously like it'd be a lot harder to do anything on mainnet. So that's why we want to make sure that everything goes kind of like smoothly on the testnet. And if things break, they break on the testnet rather than on mainnet. So I'm, you know, I'm kind of like watching this and watching how fast these kind of like bugs get fixed and I'm getting like so confident, honestly, like the amazing work that the core developers and researchers are doing really is next level when it comes to this sort of stuff. Like, as I've mentioned plenty of times, the merge is such a large upgrade and such a complex one with lots of moving parts to it that getting it right is off kind of like mission critical importance. It's, I mean, I actually think the, the, the getting it right is kind of like, I mean, I don't think you can get it right. I honestly, I mean, maybe the Ethereum network would recover if we got it wrong, but I think getting it wrong would, would, and something like critically bad happening during the merge would essentially lead to a very, very big confidence loss in Ethereum. So I think all the core devs and researchers obviously know this, and that's why they're working so hard to make sure that we don't rush this out and that we kind of do all the test nets. We do all, we do all the testing to see what the bugs are and things like that, and making sure that we, you know, dot all our I's and cross all our T's. And if that results in a quote unquote delay from when everyone's expecting it to go live, right. People are expecting Q2 for the merge, you know, sometime around June, if that, you know, if, if we find like critical bugs and that results in having to kind of like push that back to Q3 or Q4, I personally like would obviously totally understand that. And as I said before, it's not really delayed because there hasn't been any kind of like official date given, but I think that that would be another loss of confidence as well, where people will be like, Oh God, the merge is delayed again. But I don't know, like, I don't know how, how much kind of like long-term impact that has because EIP 1559 got quote unquote delayed a few times, right. Where people were expecting it to happen and then it didn't same with kind of like the beacon chain going live and stuff like that. And eventually it kind of like, it goes live, it comes out and everyone just forgets about the delays and how long it took. And it's just like, okay, well, it's live now. So let's just enjoy it. And people actually stopped talking about it generally because it's kind of like old news now. Right. And I think that's, that's, what's going to happen with kind of like the merge, even if we do end up with some kind of like, I mean, I don't even call it delays, but if we do end up with, you know, it happening end of the year instead of Q2, I think it'll happen. And then people just forget that there was that delay. But in saying that I still think it would be kind of like a shitty thing to happen. And I think that the core devs and researchers obviously don't want it to happen for, for numerous reasons. And they're as eager to get us to proof of stake as, as kind of like we all are. Right. Like they're not kind of like dragging their feet or being like, Oh, you know, we've got time. We can wait, whatever. Who cares? No, they're, they're kind of like looking at this and being like, we need to get our proof of work ASAP. We need to get this merged on Ethereum needs to scale at layer one, as well as layer two. And we need to get the merge done so we can get that layer one scaling in place as well via, via sharding and those other kinds of like EIPs that I've spoken about in the past. So yeah, anyway, that, that's a bit of a spiel on the merge there, but as I said, I believe this bug has been fixed and Parathosh here actually put out a tweet earlier today where they said after the insane chaos spread by the Kintsugi testnet fuzzer, which is the way they were kind of like testing the, the testnet, the testnet is now finalizing again. So this was quote tweeting Mariusz's tweet from that I was just kind of I was just kind of referencing. So it seems to be all well and good. I haven't seen anything to from, from either of these guys that are about any kind of like other bugs that have been found. So it seems the testnet is back on track and obviously they'll keep hitting it with things. They'll keep trying to, they'll keep testing it. They'll keep trying to break it. And that's what we want. Right. And I'm curious to see the kind of like full post-mortem breakdown from I think it was Danny Ryan that was going to put it together. As I said, that was coming I guess, relatively soon, you know, it could even come this week or next week at this point. So I'm looking forward to reading that because that's going to be able to give us a recap on, on everything that happened and all the bugs and things like that and what has been done to kind of like fix those. So very much looking forward through that one, but that's all the merge updates for today. Moving on to a tweet from a super fears got to do with client diversity. So he said good news on the client diversity front today, we're developing data that will help to identify the operators that will have the greatest impact on client diversity. This can't become a witch hunt, but if we can raise awareness and we can affect change, standby, I'll ask for help. This is one of the kind of like things that I think is going to move the needle the most, because, you know, it's all well and good for me to tell you guys watching this, if you're running like your own solo kind of like, um, if to validate our validators to go change from prison to something else. But if I had to assume that, you know, out of all the people like viewing this and listening to this, there's probably not that many who actually run their own validators, right. We actually have the 32 week to run their own validators or their own validator because it's not cheap, right. It's, it's a very, very expensive, even, even there, even though our eighth came down in price recently, it's still very, very expensive. So on that front, I'm assuming that a lot of you guys are either using something like rocket pool or Lido or a centralized exchange or some other service. If you are staking your eighth. And those are the kinds of things that are going to move the needle here. So if we can identify who are the prism heavy kind of entities here, uh, we can actually kind of like ping them and be like, Hey, you know, for the health of the Ethereum network, it'd be really cool if you could kind of like, uh, change over, you know, some of your validators to prison or to take Google to Nimbus, or you could, or in going forward in the future, you just stop kind of like, uh, initiating prison validators and start up initiating other ones. Obviously as supervision says here, there shouldn't be a witch hunt. We shouldn't be shaming whoever we know. We identify as being kind of like heavy prism. And as I've mentioned in the past, prisms client is amazing. There's nothing against them. You know, this would, you know, this could be happening to any of the clients if they were a large part of the network. It's the same thing then. And prior labs, the developers behind prism, uh, wants client diversity as well. They put a blog post post out about this a few months ago, but as I mentioned yesterday, this is obviously a, um, a very important thing. Uh, super phys is doing a lot of great work within the, uh, each day community along with a, with a bunch of other people to make sure that we tackle this issue head on. Um, he's probably the guy to follow. If you want to keep up to date with client diversity things and just general kind of like eight to staking things. Um, and also kind of like joining the discord channels that he's in like East acre and the rocker pool discord of course as well. If you want to keep up to date with all of this, but I'll, I'll keep you guys updated as well as it comes across. And as I see it on, on Twitter and other places, but I think we can really get that down. Like, as I said, like if we can just get prism down to like less than 60%, that would be okay. Ideally we want them like 50% or less, but they're at 68% right now. So, you know, that's a big ask, uh, you know, having an 18% change in the short term. But if we, you know, over the next kind of like six months, say can get a prism down to 60% of the network instead of 68%, that right there is a huge win. If we can do it before the merge, that would be an absolutely massive win. But as I said, like if the merge happens in June, that's only five months away. We'll, you know, we'll have to see, right. I have to see how that kind of all plays out there, but I'll keep you guys up to date on the client diversity front, uh, for the eighth to side here. So a tweet thread here from a Louis Naranjo who basically put together a thread on how to run your own Ethereum note at home. So there's only 16 tweets in this thread, not too long, but basically, uh, he goes through essentially, I know what's the terminology is around kind of like Ethereum nodes, such as execution layer, which is quote unquote, eighth one consensus layers, quote unquote, eighth two. But basically, I mean, it's kind of like funny when I say eighth one, eighth two execution layer is kind of like where all the things that kind of like, uh, well, the transactions are like executed on where the EVM is all that sort of stuff today. That's what we know as eighth one. That's the thing that we all use. And we all kind of like use for our transactions at layer one or layer two, because obviously layer two uses layer one. That is the execution layer. Then you have the consensus layer, which is on the beacon chain, which is a separate network right now. And that is the proof of state kind of like beacon chain there. But once we kind of merge these things together, we're still going to have the execution layer and the consensus layer, but it won't really be referred to as eighth one and eighth two anymore. It would just be referred to those names and kind of like as one Ethereum, but yeah. So, uh, Louis breaks that down here, but he also kind of like goes into a bunch of detail around, you know, different node types, uh, kind of like, uh, running nodes kind of like for staking with 32 eighth and stuff like that. Um, and kind of like all the different options you have and links to guides and all that sort of stuff there. So, I mean, I've encouraged a lot of you guys before to run your own full nodes for either the execution or consensus layer, if you can, it's not a difficult proposition to do, but you do need the hardware for it. You do need a solid state drive with at least kind of like, you know, maybe two, three terabytes or something on it just to kind of like future proof yourself there, probably more than that. But as I've mentioned in the past, like solid state drives are incredibly cheap these days. Uh, so it shouldn't be too hard to get your hands on one on something like that. And obviously your PC or laptop or whatever it is would need to be on 24 seven tickets to run that full node. But by doing this, you know, it is an altruistic thing. You don't directly get any kind of like rewards for running a full node. Like, you know, you actually like kind of spend money cause you have to have your computer on, you have to buy the relevant hardware if you don't have it. Um, and it uses bandwidth too. So unless you have unlimited internet, you're probably not going to be able to run a full node, um, and alongside other things that you do. And I mean, unlimited incident in terms of like bandwidth. So you don't have like data caps and things like that, but if you are able to do it, it just really helps the network. It kind of like, helps the network decentralization helps get that node count off because at the end of the day, the full notes are what are the kind of like source of truth of the Ethereum network. And the more of those, the better for decentralization and the whole reason why Ethereum layer one is limited the way it is, is so that it can be easy or we can be made easy for people to run a full node on their own, uh, kind of like consumer hardware instead of having to use a data center or something like that. So take advantage of that. Don't, you know, take it for granted if you, if you can and check out this thread from, from Louie, because it goes through a bunch of different ways you can do this. Uh, and you know, I mean, there's, there's plenty of guides for this sort of stuff now. It's not, as I said, it's not difficult to do, but you're just going to make sure, make sure you have the necessary hardware and requirements to, to do something like this. So definitely go check out this thread. So hop protocol shared today that you can now access the hop interface on IPFS via ENS. So, and you can also access it on brave, which resolves ENS natively at hop.eth and on other browsers with hop.eth.link. Now I wrote today's daily grade newsletter about kind of like full decentralization in regards to what I talked about yesterday with the IDX about how decentralizing out a kind of like defy app or any kind of like app requires not just decentralizing the smart contracts, but it also requires decentralizing things like the front end. For example, you need to stop smart contracts are fully decentralized, right? Like we all know that, but we saw recently a few months ago that Uniswap was basically forced to sense our certain tokens on their own front end. So the Uniswap labs team has their own front end that they run, and they were forced to sense, select tokens for regulatory reasons. Now, does that mean Uniswap is centralized? No, but the thing is, is that if we didn't have any alternative front ends to tap into these smart contracts with, then you would literally have to download your own full node. You would have to write up your own script. You would have to kind of interact with the smart contracts, basically yourself, which I mean, most people can't do. I can't do that, right? I couldn't even, I probably couldn't even do it via etherscan. Like obviously on etherscan, you can go to the contract and kind of interact with it there. So having kind of like multiple finance that interact with, with Uniswap is a saving grace there. Obviously there's like exchange aggregators, all that sort of stuff there. I mean, there's plenty of ways to access Uniswap. We don't have to go through the, the, Uniswap labs front end. But in that vein as well, there's also the other side of it of, okay, well, if you're hosting your front end on a centralized database, it can be like a centralized server. It can easily be shut down as well. So that's why you need to host that on decentralized kind of like services like IPFS or, or, or, or other things out there, sorry, that are out there today. But like, I think, you know, IPFS is, is really awesome and cool and everything, but I do think just having kind of like multiple front ends that are hosted on different kinds of things, like maybe once hosted on AWS, maybe once hosted on Microsoft cloud and, and, and Google cloud, and maybe it's hosted on your own kind of like server having that is, is pretty good as well, because if a government or kind of like regulatory agency wanted to shut all the finance down, they would probably find it impossible to do so. It's kind of like what happened with torrenting where essentially, you know, you can't shut these torrenting websites down. Like you, it's like a hydri cut off one head and like to take its place. I think the same thing's going to happen with DeFi apps. I know it pretty much already will already is happening. It just, we haven't kind of like seen any harsh regulatory enforcement just yet, but I think that all DeFi apps should have multiple interfaces to interact with them, not just eat a scan, like interacting with a contract via eat the scan is fine, but unless you kind of like have a guide for people to use, even then it just becomes like a non-starter. I think. You need something like what liquidity did, where liquidity, their team didn't actually build their own front end. They basically said, we're not building our front end. Everyone else can build one for the, for our smart contracts. And they did, there's a bunch of them out there. I think, you know, last time I looked, there's like, I think more than 10 of them or something like that, something crazy. And that was at launch where you could essentially interact with the liquidity protocol without, you know, they don't have your, they're on finance. So you don't touch their front end. And then you go through all these third party ones. So I think we need more of that. And it's great to see hop kind of like I'm hopping on the train here, pun intended, by, by, by kind of like deploying themselves to IPFS. So if you are using brave, you can go to hop.eth within Metamask within Metamask within Chrome. If you have Metamask, you can go to hop.eth.link and it should resolve for you there as well. And definitely, you know, I encourage you guys to use the IPFS version of the website over the normal version for multiple different reasons. And then you can just kind of like fall back if the IPFS version goes down for whatever reason or vice versa. Right. So yeah, cool to see this from hop protocol here. So Element Finance, speaking of decentralizing DeFi apps, putting the D in DeFi, Element Finance announced today, or at least publish a blog post that I should say, are the core principles of Element Finance and how to, how they plan to decentralize and hand over control of the protocol to the DAO. So this is only a short four minute read. You can kind of like see what their, what their plan is in regards to kind of immediate decentralization, the dedication to research and experimentation and additive versus extractive approach and continuous improvements as well as driving DeFi adoption and building a smart community that governs and lasts. So this is basically, as I said, they're guiding kind of like core principles of what they want to do when they decentralize the protocol out and create their own DAO. I think that, you know, a lot of protocols are going to take the progressive decentralization kind of route because of the fact that you need to be able to move really quickly when your project is starting out, like when it's in early days, you can't just like immediately become quote unquote fully decentralized. And then all the decisions have to go through a super slow DAO kind of governance process. No, I mean, you know, especially in the cutthroat market that DeFi is, you can't really do that. So I think progressive decentralization is fine, but you need things like core principles. You need guiding principles. You need a plan from the start. It doesn't have to be a concrete plan, but it has to be a loose plan. You can't just say, Oh yeah, we'll decentralize later because I don't think that works because what ends up happening is that while you're building out the protocol over time and it's fully centralized and you've just like used the centralization as an afterthought, there are probably key design decisions that you, that you kind of like have to make during the protocols life. And if you make kind of like the quote unquote wrong one in regards to being able to decentralize later, then it may be very hard to kind of like change that in the future. So I, you know, I liked, I love that, that element finance is already thinking of this. I know a few other apps obviously think about this, but I just don't think that, you know, apps can basically say, Oh, we're fully decentralized because we launched a DAO and slap the token on it and it's all well and good. Now the community governs it. I don't think it's going to work like that. I mean, we've seen some of these governance kind of like communities devolve pretty quickly where a lot of the things results in voter apathy and there's kind of like whales that just control everything and, and really it doesn't look decentralized at all. It looks like a plutocracy and, and there's still a lot of issues there too. Like I'm, I'm still not totally convinced that a token holder voting one token equals one vote is the best approach. I actually don't think it's the best approach at all. I think that we need better tools for governance, of course. Like, and that's why I'm, I'm bullish on projects like CISMO and sign in with Ethereum and on-chain identity in general, because we definitely need a much better way to govern these things than what we have today. One token equals one vote is I I've always been bearish on on-chain governance for layer one protocols. I, I, I think for different apps and stuff like that, it's fine as an experimentation thing, but in terms of like an end state, I don't really kind of like in like the idea of token, you know, one token equals one vote because at the end of the day, you know, my tokens and your tokens, they're kind of different, right? Just because they're fungible doesn't mean that they're kind of like hold the same weight. Like maybe I don't pay any attention to a protocol that I kind of like have tokens for and you pay really, really close attention to it, but you have the, you know, less tokens than I do. So why is my voice worth more than yours just because I you know, kind of like I have more tokens, like obviously you're more qualified because you pay closer attention to the project than I am. And that's where kind of like the delegate model comes in as well, but that can be game too, where people just kind of like delegate to the people that the most well-known people, not necessarily the mo you know, the best people for the job. And then it becomes kind of more like a populous thing. So no matter which way you look at it, it's kind of really hard to kind of get to a great place. I don't think that these things should be democratic either because it democracy is a funny thing because in a democracy, a lot of the time you'll have like 50% of the population that isn't happy with the result. If you have 50% of the users of an app that is not happy with the result of a change, they're probably just going to leave and use another app, right? Like it's different within countries because the switching costs them much, much higher. But if I have like, if I'm really involved with an app and I use it daily and they do a change that kind of like adversely affects me, well, pretty much every app that every day fire that exists today has a competitor. I may just go use the competitor and the switching costs are extremely low, right? Like none of these things really have a huge lock in, in terms of like liquidity. And we've seen that play out before with vampire attacks and stuff and things like that. So yeah, anyway, cool to see these kind of like guiding principles published by element finance. Definitely go give this a read. So set protocol is now live on optimism. So this is another milestone in their journey to enabling asset managers to create manage and monetize a structured products on networks early into the ecosystem. So they can best capitalize on their growth trajectory. So set recently launched to a pot, the polygon POS chain. And I covered that when they did that. So now they're on optimism. I'm sure Albatrum is coming closely behind here as well. And it's cool to see them kind of like expanding out. Like as you guys know, I used to work for, for sets. I'm still an advisor to them and they've been kind of like quiet lately, but I can tell you that they've been building in the background and a lot of these things to enable them to move quicker. And this is one of those things that they were kind of like we're building towards deploying to different layer two networks and also other other layer ones. I'm sure they're going to deploy to those as well in terms of like the EVM compatible ones. But yeah, if you're interested in kind of like using sets on optimism, there's a whole guide here of how to get started. It I'll link this in the YouTube description. But one thing that kind of, I think like slowed set down because when I was at set, we were making some really big strides. We're one of the top different protocols. We're doing really, really well. People were loving out and enjoying our products. But I think what happened with, with, with set was that what adversely affected us at least when I was there and then continued once I, once I left the full-time work, at least was the high gas costs because ended up being a thing where the V1 of the set creation and sets are the kind of like these asset management products, but essentially V1 was very gas intensive because back when V1 was created, gas was like one gray. So there wasn't really any kind of like thought put into, okay, we need to do gas optimizations because it was just like super cheap to use Ethereum layer one. But then the obviously DeFi summer happened and gas prices went nuts and minting and redeeming a set ended up costing hundreds and hundreds of dollars in gas prices. Now V2 came out, which lowered that as well, but still it wasn't anywhere near low enough that for people to kind of like interact with. So that's why I said it's been like very, very heavily focused on getting the, getting their product onto their smart contracts onto the scalable scalable networks because of the fact that it just adversely affected them. So, you know, so, so badly with the, with the high gas costs and basically made the product unusable, even though, you know, it's obviously an awesome product. You had to have things like index card building on, on this smart contracts and stuff like that. But the, the high gas cost has affected them just like it's affected every DeFi app. But I think that because I was with set at the time I felt it and I felt like, you know, I was kind of like, I was the marketing community guy. So I definitely, I, I sat on the discord a lot and talked to a lot of people there. And I always remember people coming in with screenshots of the interface being like, what the hell, why does it cost like $500 to redeem my set? That's only worth $300 because they had bought that set, like when gas prices were super cheap and I was like, well, the gas is high. And they're like, Oh, can, can I do anything? I'm like, no, because like we don't control the gas prices on Ethereum. So that was, that was a funny experience back then. But I think since then set has made a lot of strides, obviously with different kind of like products and they're making big strides onto a layer twos and other networks with these deployments. So yeah, really, really cool to see that and definitely go check out the blog post for more information on this. So Dave White from Paradigm has published a new ecosystem growth engine in partnership with a Wiki today called the Gitcoin Aqueduct, which incentivizes ecosystem development for your project with a single line of solidity and unbundles the work of protocol creation from the work of ecosystem support. So essentially what the Gitcoin Aqueduct is from my understanding, as kind of like as Dave described it here, as I said, it's a tool that incentivizes development for your project, but essentially what projects do is they fill their aqueduct, then transfer in some of their projects revenue or inflation. And then in the beginning, the aqueduct will distribute these tokens to developers in their, in the kind of like respective ecosystem automatically, which means creating and running quadratic funding rounds with no human intervention. Now you guys will know that quadratic funding is something that Gitcoin has a lot of experience and Gitcoin has pioneered as part of the Gitcoin grants rounds, like the matching donations and stuff like that. So that's really, really cool. And then as the project grows and more assets flow into its aqueduct, Gitcoin DAO will begin to provide more and more high touch ecosystem development services. So this is really cool. It's kind of like a, I guess, incubator for these projects and then kind of like allows you to kind of automatically get quadratic funding going. And then if you grow kind of like a large enough and more, more assets flow into your aqueduct, you actually end up getting support from the Gitcoin DAO. So I don't know if it's kind of like a good description to say, it's just kind of like a Y Combinator, except you got to like prove yourself or you've got to prove your project has like a lot of assets flowing into it. And it's actually making traction before you'll get support from kind of like the Gitcoin DAO. But I think that's really cool. I mean, I always love kind of more experimentations around stuff like quadratic funding and public goods funding and just getting projects to have more sustainable ways to fund themselves. Because at the end of the day, like projects can raise money and all that good stuff there, but there needs to be sustainable ways to kind of like to get the project going. And honestly, I would like to see more projects raised from not only the community, but also kind of like sustain themselves via these sorts of things, rather than having to sell like a large chunk of their tokens to like VCs or things like that. I think there's a lot that we can explore here, but I just think there's a lot of overhang from the ICO days where people are like, you know, I don't want to do a public sale. I don't want to do anything too public in terms of like raising money, especially because of regulatory issues as well. And they want to basically just go through kind of like the private channels, because it's just much easier and much less of a headache. I think we can make it less of a headache in the public sphere, but it's going to require products like Aqueduct here and other kind of things that Gitcoin, I guess, and even Paradigm might be working on to make that happen. But if you want to read more about this, it will be linked in the YouTube description. There's one other thing that I wanted to talk about that is actually got in relation to kind of like funding for projects. And that's Tally announced today that they've become official sponsor of the ethers.js project. Now, if you're a developer, you know what ethers is. It's a JavaScript library for Ethereum. If you're not a developer, you might not know what it is. You might not know how important it is, but I can tell you it is critically important for the ecosystem. So Tally is sponsoring them, which is really, really cool to see. So basically they are sponsoring public goods here and sponsoring Rick Mu here as well, who works on this as part of their public goods kind of like funding. So I think there's more information in this blog post here. And for those of you who don't know, Tally is basically a wallet that's being worked on by Thesis here. So it's a browser extension wallet, kind of like a MetaMask competitor. I covered it when they first announced, but they've announced, yeah, they're kind of like supporting ethers.js here, ethers, the project. So very, very cool to see this. I think, you know, I've talked about it a lot, but I think more and more projects need to do this. There are so many projects that benefit from public tools like ethers and other ones out there that have given none of this back to the ecosystem yet. Like some of them have via Bitcoin grants, but really in terms of like how much money they've made from kind of like maybe their tokens value or kind of like revenue they've made from their products versus how much they've given back. It's kind of like an imbalance. I would like a flat percentage from projects to go to public goods. Could you imagine if every project in the ecosystem kind of gave 1% of their treasury, just 1% of their treasury to public goods funding. It doesn't have to be Gitcoin. They can have their own kind of like public goods funding initiative. But imagine that like 1% of all the treasuries out there today. I mean, I don't know how much all the treasuries are worth, but let's imagine a world where the treasuries are worth a hundred billion dollars altogether. Now, obviously when you look at the treasuries, it depends what you're looking at because a lot of them contain their own token and it's kind of like hard to sell them because of low liquidity and things like that. But for the sake of the argument, let's just say in the future, all these kind of like Dow treasuries together have a hundred billion dollars. If 1% of that goes towards public good, that's a billion dollars. So that's crazy amount of money. So I'm hoping to see more of that, but great to see these from Telly here. Really, really cool. And as I said, if you're a developer, you know what Ethos is and you know how critical it is to the Ethereum developer ecosystem. So definitely really cool to see these from Telly. And on that note, I think I'm going to end it there for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.