 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gui Refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Ken, and this is how I know it's the 4th of August 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So you will notice I'm wearing the official Daily Gui merch today. You can see it on me, the t-shirt here. Mine finally came in, it took a while but I finally got it. This was part of the Metafactory drop that we did, that was organized by Crypto Wife and Koffee in the Discord channel. And yeah, this was basically the t-shirt that kind of like came with it. And you can see on the back if I turn around, it's got Daily Gui on the back. You can't really see it but it's there. So yeah, and I also got the jumper just sitting over here next to me but not wearing it right now obviously. I've got a large on but it seems I've lost weight since ordering this which is a good thing but the large is a bit of a big fit now but still pretty cool. I saw a few of you got yours as well. You're posting it in the merch channel in the Discord channel. So really, really awesome to see that. But yeah, just a fun little kind of merch drop. Hopefully we'll do more in the future. But yeah, anyway, on to the news from the last 24 hours. So an update out of Tim Byko here where he said, another week another testnet upgrade. Sepollea which merged a few weeks ago, now needs to undergo a simple post-merge upgrade to disconnect non-proof-of-stake peers. The upgrade is scheduled for August 17th and only execution layers need to be updated. So if you are on the Sepollea testnet, you need to update your execution layer client here on or before August 17th and there's a blog post here. And there's also another reminder from Tim saying, friendly reminder that the BattleTricks upgrade is happening on Praetor tomorrow, tomorrow being today. If you haven't upgraded your girly Praetor nodes, this is the last call to do so. So both of those posts are there in his tweet and you can find them linked in the YouTube description below. All right, so this is pretty interesting. So Hal Press from Northrock Digital here, you all know who Hal Press is of course, shared that Goldman Sachs has come out with a note on the merge. So this is a pretty big deal because it's not just the merge is coming, you know, going from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake, they've kind of like covered the merge here, they've covered kind of like the other upgrades coming as well, such as the surge, verge, purge and splurge. And this is just a screenshot of kind of like the first page here. Hal says in his next tweet, the note is actually much longer than kind of the screenshot obviously and that's just the first section. This is a pretty big deal guys, like I've spoken about institutions before, you know, I think a lot of them are going to be coming into Ethereum post-merge, especially for staking. Right now, they probably don't want to get involved with staking because of the perceived risk of the merge. But once the merge goes through and it goes through fine, it significantly de-risks the kind of like network and de-risk staking for these people. They may wait until big and chain withdrawals are enabled as well, just so they can exit their stake, but they may be able to cut a deal with someone like a Coinbase, right, for institutional staking, where they give them an out if they want to kind of withdraw and then Coinbase takes on the kind of like locked ETH until it kind of like becomes available when big and chain withdrawals are done. So there are multiple ways to kind of like do this, but I think this is just really cool that kind of like these big institutions are getting involved with Ethereum, getting involved with ETH. And you know, it's funny when people kind of like say this and they kind of say, oh yeah, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan getting involved with crypto, this is really awesome. And then kind of people say, well, aren't we supposed to be kind of like disintermediating the banks and kind of like, don't we hate the banks? And I take a very different approach here, I think, to a lot of people. And I'm not going to go through my approach again, because you guys know it. But the TLDR is that I think that DeFi as an infrastructure is just vastly better than TradFi. And it's going to be a forcing function for these institutions to use DeFi instead of their existing systems, which is going to make everything fairer for everyone, I believe. These banks are not going anywhere, guys. Like the delusion that these banks are going to just automatically get deleted if Ethereum takes over the world, or maybe if Bitcoin becomes like a reserve currency or something like that, which I don't think is going to happen anyway. But it's delusional to think that these banks are going to kind of like evaporate or not exist anymore. And I've always thought that. I mean, we have kind of like our own crypto banks being centralized exchanges and they're crypto native. So I think getting them on board with things like Ethereum, with kind of like educating their customer base on kind of like the merge and all the kind of benefits that come with that, you know, staking, it's really cool. Like I've said it before and I'll say it again. I think a healthy Ethereum staking ecosystem is one with a wide variety of different participants, not just solid stakeholders, not just people staking on exchanges, not just people staking with things like Rockerpool and Lido and stuff like that, but also institutions, companies, corporates, teams, kind of like squads staking together, right? Like we have DVT technology coming that's going to make that possible. And I'm going to talk about that a little bit today. So yeah, cool to see this out of Goldman Sachs here. I hope they keep educating their customer base on Ethereum and all the upgrades coming to the network in the near future. Right, so speaking of the merge, there are two big educational kind of pieces out today about it. So one comes from Bankless here, titled Everything You Need to Know About the Merge. So this one was written by David Hoffman, of course. And this is a pretty lengthy piece that's full of alpha. And it's basically structured as an FAQ. So if you want to make sure you have all your bases covered when it comes to the merge, you should definitely check out this blog post, give it a read and everything like that. I'll link in the YouTube description for you to do so. But yeah, David's a great writer. I always enjoy reading his things. I kind of like skim through it, obviously, because I pretty much know everything there is when it comes to the merge. But, you know, going through it, I just was kind of like, okay, well, yeah, I mean, this is really well structured. This is really educational. I think everyone should definitely read it. And he goes into lots of detail to it. It's not just the high level thing, which is really cool. So definitely check this out. I'll link in the YouTube description. And the other thing to check out is this video from Phinematics, which I think is really, really well done. You've probably watched the Phinematics video before. They're usually really well done with a bunch of kind of like art and kind of like a voice narrating the whole thing. You should definitely check this one out. I watched this at kind of like 2x speed and just to kind of like get through it to make sure I want it. I wanted to kind of like watch it to see what information they had in there. They had pretty much like everything that I would want in a merge video, like talking about the merge, talking about kind of like, you know, how it's going to happen, the motivations behind it, you know, the client diversity, stuff like that. I actually went into the weed, which I think is really, really cool. So you can check out this video for yourself. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. It's actually linked here, the full video. There's a teaser on Twitter here. And they also touched on the common misconceptions and like such as kind of like Stake Eat becoming unlocked and the merge lowering gas fees and stuff like that, which I thought was very cool because Phinematics has, I think, over 300,000 subscribers on YouTube. So they have a very, very big audience and they don't just have an Ethereum only audience. They've been doing videos for a wide range of kind of ecosystem things. So definitely check this out. As I said, like even if you're in the weeds of kind of like Ethereum in of the merge and you listen to the Daily Guay and things like that, I think it's still prudent to make sure that you read and consume this other content to make sure you're not missing anything and to just reinforce your knowledge as well. I mean, I've gone through it before, but the way I kind of learn and I think one of the best ways to learn is repetition, right? Keep hearing the same thing, keep reading the same thing and eventually it sticks and then it kind of becomes part of your long-term memory instead of just your short-term memory, right? So definitely check out that and also the Bankless piece. They'll both be linked in the YouTube description below. All right, so I said that I would be talking about DVT or distributed validated technology today and this is an update here from Greg Vardy, the CTO at Nethermind. So this is basically a blog post around kind of, I guess like there's a first blog post in part of a series giving a technical rundown on DVT. Now, you have heard of DVT before because I have covered it when Obel Network, when I've talked about them because they've had various upgrades, they're a DVT network, but Nethermind has been working on this as well as part of synthesis here. So, I mean, if you want to dive into the weeds of DVT itself and how the technology works, you should definitely give this blog post a read. It is technical, obviously, but it is very, very good. I think that this is going to be something post-merge, post-withdrawals, it's going to really take off. As I said, you can kind of like set up a staking operation where you can stake with your kind of like squad where, you know, all of you can run different kind of like validators and different machines and basically, sorry, different kind of like nodes and things and operate different validators and different machines and kind of like act as a squad while doing that. So it basically enhances the security. And it's not just for, you know, everyday people, it's not just for solo validators and things like that, it's also for institutions, corporates, all that sort of stuff. And it is very cool technology. So definitely give this blog post a read. And it's also got a bunch of references here for further reading too. I'll link this in the YouTube description below. All right, so a couple of things from Vitalik today. He has a new blog post out titled, The Different Types of ZK EVMs. And this is obviously very timely given that we had so many ZK EVMs announced in the last few weeks, their testnets and potential mainnet dates. And it's been the talk of the town since then. I gave this a quick read before. I do want to dive back into it because I didn't understand it through the first pass through. But it is very well written in typical Vitalik fashion here. He goes through, I think, four different main different types of kind of like ZK EVMs with like subtypes as well here, which you should definitely kind of read there. But then also talks about the future of ZK EVM type. So if you were confused by all the kind of like information being put out by the different teams, you know, there's Polygon, ZK Sync, Scroll, kind of like MatterLab, Starkware, all that sort of stuff there. If you're confused by everything that was kind of like talked about a few weeks ago, you should definitely check out this blog post from Vitalik as it simplifies things a lot. So I'll link that in the YouTube description as well for you. And the second update here from Vitalik is some theory crafting on how much data space we can save by improving compression on rollups. So you can see here, this is ERC4337 signature aggregation, which is essential to this here. So you can basically see a technical breakdown of compressing the amount of bytes that it takes for an ERC20 transfer. So you can see the first one, the present day transaction is 188 bytes. This I believe is with no compression. Then you have a zero byte compression, which brings us down to 154 bytes. You go ERC4337 with aggregation gets us down to 128 bytes. And then you can do ideal stateless compression, which is 75 bytes and ideal stateful compression, which is 23 bytes there. And like, if you don't understanding what this is, that's fine. I mean, this is very technical and you can see all the fields here. This is basically what goes into a transaction. But getting down to 128 bytes with just ERC4337 is a really big deal, right? Obviously getting from 188 to 128 is a pretty big reduction there. And then when we go towards more kind of like stateless transactions and compressing those, they're definitely going to get us even further. I mean, like less than kind of like half what it takes today. So this is really cool. Like as I've said before, guys, rollups are going to be able to keep bringing their costs down regardless of what happens on the Layer 1 protocol side. They can do their own compression. They can come up with better compression techniques. They can keep getting those costs down as far as possible to essentially give us the cheapest possible rollup experience even before protodank sharding gets out there. And protodank sharding isn't a silver bullet, guys. Like I've talked about it a lot and this is ERP4488. I've talked about it plenty of times. It's still going to be a balancing act where if the rollups take up all the capacity on Layer 1, then they're also constrained by their Layer 2 capacity as well. So you kind of have to scale up both layers. You can't just rely on one layer and that's it. And that's what I guess like all the Layer 2 teams are doing. They're scaling, they're improving their architectures. I spoke about Nitro and Bedrock over the last few days, but they're also getting all the benefits of Layer 1 scalability, not just at the core protocol level which has to kind of go through the ERP process, but also through different kind of like ARC standards like 4337, which Vitalik obviously describes here. So you can check out this graphic. I'll link in the YouTube description below for you to do so. But this is very, very cool. Obviously, anything that gets us down to the cheapest possible transactions is going to benefit everyone at the end of the day. That's the amazing thing about this. An ERC-20 transfer, getting the gas cost down on that benefits literally everyone. I'm pretty sure like every single person that has ever interacted with Ethereum would have at least transferred a token once. And the thing is that it's not even kind of like just a token. You can do this for any transaction. Like you do this for ETH, you do this for a swap, anything, right? You can get these kind of transactions compressed as much as possible and bring those costs down for end users. All right, so another tweet from SuperFizz today where he says, it's a marvel that we have so many Ethereum clients in development. I'm counting about nine. Lodestar, Nimbus, TECU, Lighthouse, Prism, Eragon, Nethermind, Basu, and Geth. We could survive with two, but we thrive with nine. How can we support them? Easy. Use a minority client. It really is amazing when you think about it, guys. The fact that, I mean, just building one kind of client is a Herculean task to begin with and requires a lot of expertise. We have nine and they're not nine of the same client either, right? We have obviously a bunch on the consensus layer, a bunch on the execution layer, and then we have different clients built in different languages. We have different clients optimizing for different things. And there are different people obviously working at each of these organizations, which I find to be just so incredibly unique to Ethereum because there's really no other ecosystem out there today that prioritizes or that tries to do a multi-client architecture. Bitcoin certainly doesn't. There's really only Bitcoin Core that accounts for 99% of the network, I believe, last time I checked. And I don't believe there's any other networks out there that kind of encourage client diversity or even attempting to do it. And I think the reason why, I mean, there are multiple reasons why. I think the first reason is that they don't have a culture of caring about decentralization, most of these kind of things. Bitcoin obviously does, but I think Bitcoin, they don't really care about having client diversity because they believe that it's not needed, it adds more overhead, because they don't really change very often, right? And I mean, it's kind of like, it's becoming less and less, it makes less and less sense to compare Ethereum and Bitcoin as Ethereum's roadmap evolves. So I guess Bitcoin is the exception there. But in terms of like every other chain out there, none of them seem to prioritize decentralization at the social layer like Ethereum does, right? Maybe some of them do in some pockets, but not to the extent Ethereum does where we kind of prioritize client diversity, right? And secondly, it's a very hard thing to do. Like Ethereum didn't just get to this position overnight. It took many, many years to get us to here. And we actually lost some along the way, right? We lost the Parity client, which is the next biggest client after Geth. We lost them, I think in 2017, 2018, I guess, is when they started kind of like falling off a bit. And that's, I personally believe that's because Parity, the developers of the Parity client, you know, obviously have Polkadot that they're working on. So they kind of put their efforts towards that. And not only is Ethereum doing client diversity at layer one, I did mention yesterday that optimism is also looking at client diversity now too for their roll up. And I'm sure the other roll ups are going to follow suit there. So this sort of stuff, as I said, it's hard. It requires kind of like a social layer or social culture of caring about decentralization. But it is worth it because the simplest example I can give as why it's worth it is that if there is a major bug in any of these kind of like clients, you don't have to rely on that client kind of like getting fixed or waiting for that client to get fixed. You could just change to another one, right? And the thing is, when it comes to proof of stake, having a major bug in your validated client, for example, could lead to you kind of like potentially getting slashed, right? Or potentially, you know, being offline for a long period of time. And then you, you know, you leak ether out or something like that. So being able to quickly change over to another client is really good, especially if there's kind of like an attack or anything like that, or there's kind of like a bug that's being exploited actively or anything like that, right? So having that client diversity there is very, very important. And as I said, Ethereum, I believe, is the only chain prioritizing this. And we aren't just prioritizing it. We've actually gone the extra mile and we have like nine clients, which is crazy. I mean, as SuperFizz says, yeah, we could do with two because survive with two. We could even survive with four, five, six. No, we said no, we have nine. And the beautiful thing is all of these clients talk to each other in a post-merge world. And that's what all the testing has been for, of course. And kind of there's, I think, 20 different combinations of what you can do on the execution layer, consensus layer side. So you could run like Prism and Nethermind, or you can run Lighthouse and Geth, or you can run Teku and Baysu, or you can run Prism and Baysu, right? There's all these combinations. I think it comes to about 20 different combinations that you can kind of like use here, which is obviously very, very cool when you kind of like think about it. So yeah, cool for SuperFizz to put this tweet out. Got my brain spinning a little bit and just thinking about how awesome it is that Ethereum prioritizes client diversity. All right, so we have this tweet thread here from Emre, who basically starts off by saying, over 44 million contracts have been deployed to Ethereum since Genesis, which is an insane stat in of itself. And he analyzed all 44 million using token flow insights, so you don't have to. Turns out 70% of the live contracts around 15 million are copies from one of 15 templates. Here's a breakdown of the dominant contract codes. Now, there's 50% of all contracts were destroyed contracts. I think it was done because of the gas token contracts, as you can see here. Emre details this, 10% of live contracts were gas token contracts. This is when gas token was a thing. It got removed in one of the kind of like upgrades. There's forwarders, which is about 50% of live contracts. These are contracts deployed by exchanges. Has something like a PO box for users. Give user an address, custody by an exchange, and allows exchange to collect ETH and ERC 20 cents to the user. And obviously, this makes a lot of sense because we all use exchanges and all that sorts of stuff. Ownable delegate proxy, which accounts for 0.5% of live contracts. It's created by Wervam protocol with OpenSea as the biggest deployer. Deprecated, but is essentially a wallet contract created for selling NFTs. Obviously, you've got to be a big deal there. DS proxy, which you may have heard of before, got to do with the maker DAO system. ENS deeds, ERC 20s, and NFTs didn't actually make the list. They are popular, but there is enough variation in their code, making them not exactly the same. This is pretty cool. I like this. I like digging into data like this and seeing the data behind the number. Because you might see 44 million contracts and be like, well, that's a crazy number. But then when you put nuance to it, you realize that pretty much half of them were gas token contracts that were just destroyed when gas token was a thing. I can't remember the exact specifics of how this worked, but essentially you would create the contract and destroy it. You get a gas refund and you could bank that for later. Basically, it would allow you to save on gas. That's why this was economical to do and why 50% got destroyed. I guess the other 50% account for various different things as well here. That's kind of fun. Kind of fun little breakdown here. You can read the full thread. I'll link it in the description below. This is why I always say that when looking at data, you can't just look at the headline figure. You actually have to dig in and look at the nuance. This goes for every single metric that you see. Whether it be fear of a new, which I talk about a lot. Active users, which I mean active users is not active users. It's active Ethereum addresses and users can have multiple Ethereum addresses. Everyone has at least one, but there are plenty of people who have two, three, four, five. You can't just say, okay, well, this protocol has this many active users based on the number of addresses because of that fact. One user can have multiple addresses sort of thing there. Not just active addresses, but total addresses, transactions as well. It's always funny when I see people say that, oh look, Ethereum layer one transaction count is going up. It's kind of meaningless. It can vary wildly depending on what's being used on the day because the Ethereum blockchain has a gas as its metering flow. So the thing is that if there's more complex transactions on one day than another day, then there's going to be less transactions in the transaction counts, even though the same amount of gas was used because of that fact. So you can't really take any of these metrics at face value. You have to dive deeper. You have to look into the nuance of things. And the best way to, I think, measure the use and kind of like the health of a blockchain is taking all these metrics together, adding the nuance in and then using a bit of kind of like anecdotal evidence and a bit of kind of like creative thinking to bring it all together to get a fuller picture. But I have said before, and I still believe that fee revenue is probably the best metric out there. And it's probably the one that you have to apply nuance to the least, even though you still have to apply it to it because of the fact that if you use fee revenue as a kind of like thing where it's like, okay, you take a three month snapshot of fee revenue and it's really high and you say, okay, well, this is really bullish. This is going to continue into the future and it doesn't. Well, you know, that's because you annualize three months worth of, with the fee revenue, which didn't really make any sense. And the perfect example of this is Axie Infinity. Go look at the Axie Infinity fee revenue chart. You can actually go look at it on token terminal. It's a website. Just Google it. Look at Axie Infinity. You can see where they had like a massive amount of fee revenue because of that, I guess, like mania around Axie Infinity, around the game, around the NFTs, around the token, around the SLP, all that sort of stuff. Now look at the fee revenue as it exists today. It's basically non-existent. It's completely collapsed. Same is true for Ethereum. Fear revenue was much higher during the bull market than it is today. So it's always dangerous to take fee revenue and annualize it out or kind of like try and find a longer term trend. You have to kind of like look at it and be like, okay, well, you know, it's really healthy. Ethereum is being used, so to speak. It's good, but like let's wait and see what it looks like over the longer term. And then let's average it out rather than try and annualize it based on bull market conditions, which can always distort things, especially on chain metrics. All right, so Kane from Synthetix has published a L2H2. He's calling it Synthetix Update. This is a long one, I think. So I'm not going to obviously read it out. You can go check it out. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. But this is basically talking about everything synthetics. And I think basically the second half of kind of like Synthetix, sorry, Synthetix in the second half of 2022. This is a really, yeah, really detailed, really great blog post. I enjoyed reading it, talked about a lot of different things, not just synthetics, but like I guess like some of the wider DeFi ecosystem as well and kind of like the wider market ecosystem too. And you've heard me talk about synthetics a lot lately and how they've been growing quite nicely, especially being on optimism. There's a bit of stuff about that in here as well. So I just wanted to highlight this for you guys. You can go read this yourself and check it out in the YouTube description. I highly recommend giving it a read. Synthetix is one of the OG DeFi projects. It's one of the ones you should be paying attention to, of course. So yeah, definitely go check that out. All right, so the Voyager Labs, or sorry, I should say kind of like the Nethermind team and the Starkware team shipped a Voyager kind of update today. So Voyager is not the Voyager that kind of blew up, right, not the CFI kind of like lending platform that, or I guess like yield platform that blew up. Voyager is the name of the block explorer for StarkNet. So there's a new UI and front end now on this block explorer. You can see it here. It looks very nice. I can't remember what it looked like before, but I believe before it wasn't very structured yet. And I believe it's because it was obviously an early kind of implementation of it, but it looks very, very nice now. So you can basically search for blocks, transactions, contracts. I mean, we all know what a block explorer is, right, and have to go through it. You can shift between main net and girly here, do deep dive into different blocks with the transactions that are in them, right. You can kind of sort by transactions here, messages, events, you know, all the stuff that we're kind of like used to. So very, very cool to see this because obviously if you're using things on StarkNet, you want to be able to have a block explorer that you can reference. And now this one has a much nicer UI than it did before. So shout out to, I guess, like the Nethermind and a team and Starkware for building the brains and supporting this project as Yuki says here. All right, last up here, we have Only Dust, which has now entered beta and it is live on Testnet. So you can now explore the best open source contributions, pick a project you like and start building for the ecosystem. So for those of you who don't know what Only Dust is, it's a platform that allows you to contribute to the best projects within the StarkNet ecosystem and get paid in USDC or equity in those projects. So you can kind of like see here that there's all these projects listed on StarkNet. There's only a few here today, but obviously this will keep growing and you can click on it and basically once you click through, you can contribute to it. You can go to the GitHub, you can connect your wallet, all that good stuff there. It's obviously just running on Testnet right now, so it's not on main net yet. But I think this is really cool. The funny thing is I always talk about this when I talk about StarkNet is that I kind of feel bad for the amount of shit I gave them over their token because they're building such an amazing ecosystem. I get the same feeling for StarkNet that I do for all the other kind of like layer twos like the Polygon ecosystem, Optimism, Arbitrum. And on top of that, StarkNet is trying to build something non-EVM kind of like compatible as well. They want to build something totally new, but as a layer two on Ethereum. So I think that even if kind of like their token distribution leaves a lot to be desired, I think it's still worth kind of like supporting them and supporting what they're doing because it is very beneficial to Ethereum. And Only Dust is definitely one of those projects which you can check out and I'll kind of like link that in the YouTube description below here. So yeah, I think that's going to be it for today. But before I finish it up, I have a few minutes left. I just didn't, I have another topic that I want to talk about. I have always have these topics. I'm thinking about things too much during the day and I want to kind of like get it out there on the refill. But basically, you know, I guess like when you kind of like think about the position that we're in right now in terms of like the disconnect between the markets and the tech. And this is something that I've been thinking about actually the past few days. The tech just seems like it's going exponential, right guys? Like the building just seems like it's getting like a lot quicker and then people are deploying things a lot more quickly. It feels like we're really entering layer two kind of like summer. It feels like not only layer twos, it feels like the protocol side of things are moving. That's right. Layer one protocol is moving much faster than it has before. The merge is almost upon us, but no one's really paying attention. It's really just the same people that have been in the ecosystem for this year, basically since the bear market really started in earnest. And it feels good. It feels good. It feels like, I honestly feels like 2019 slash 2020 to me again, guys. It feels really good to be kind of like seeing all this stuff being deployed and seeing the markets detached from that because it means there's alpha to be had. It means there's opportunities to be had. It means there's kind of like ways for you to contribute that there wasn't in the bull market. Maybe there was too much noise, right? It means it's quieter. So I'm just thinking about that and thinking about how and being a bit nostalgic about how I felt the same thing three years ago. I mean, in 2019, I got even more involved in Ethereum than I had been the previous two years. Obviously got my job at set, but I also went to a lot of conferences in 2019, a second half 2019. And also, I guess I went to one in April 2019. And it really just was an amazing feeling being at these conferences and kind of like seeing all the building going on, even though ETH was still down like 90% from its all time high, right? Didn't kind of like dissuade anyone. Now, ETH's performing a lot better than it was back then. And it has a lot better kind of like narrative around it. Same with the kind of like Ethereum network. So this building just feels even better now. So I don't know, I'm getting giddy. I'm getting really excited, like especially because the merge is almost here. Like I wake up every day being like, oh my God, one day closer to the merge, right? It's so close. But yeah, I just wanted to kind of like share that excitement with you guys. This is the time. Like if you are new to the ecosystem, this is your first bear market. Guys, time. Dig in. Heels in. Do what you want to do. Do you know, contribute. Maybe make your investments that you want to make and things like that. Obviously, understand the risks, stuff like that. Avoid the leverage, as I always say. But yeah, now is the perfect time to be digging in because I don't think the markets are going to be detached from the building for very long. It's just there's too much going on. There's too much value being created that I think that we could get back to the markets kind of like pricing in these sorts of things sooner rather than later. But that's as much kind of like not investment advice as I'm going to give. I'm going to end it there for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give that video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter to join the Discord channel. And I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.