 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Sassano and it is the 15th of February 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So a bit of drama and fud around Ethereum's proof of stake today, or just proof of stake generally from Lynn Alden. Now a lot of you will know who Lynn Alden is. She basically is very active in the traditional finance system, particularly in the macro environment. She has done a lot of writings on various things in the crypto ecosystem at this point, with a heavy focus on Bitcoin to be honest. Not so much Ethereum, but today she put out a thread on Twitter, a pretty misinformed thread about proof of stake. And she basically led by saying proof of stake is legacy tech. It's what corporations and banks have run on for centuries. It's outdated and oligolopolistic, I always mess up that word, and yet still useful for centralized systems. Proof of work is the new innovation, especially when combined with difficulty adjustments. And then she goes on to a few more things in the thread here, but I quote tweeted this and said, as the proof of stake merge for Ethereum draws ever closer, expect the fud around PoS to ramp up exponentially. So, I mean, I don't even know where to start with tweets like this, right? I'm not going to spend like the whole episode debunking this and saying my proof of stake is good and my proof of stake is not rich get rich, all that sort of stuff people kind of like to bring up all the time. But what I want to like kind of focus on for a second here is Lin saying that proof of stake is outdated and proof of work is a new innovation. I mean, in the context of crypto, it's the other way around, right? The proof of work is the kind of a legacy tech, because it's been around since day one, since Bitcoin. And proof of stake, especially Ethereum's proof of stake is much newer and kind of like a much newer innovation here. But I think what Lin is doing is equating proof of stake with what we currently have with corporations and banks, which it doesn't really make any sense to me at all, to be honest. I, you know, her calling it oligopolistic is, God, I'm never going to say that word right, but her calling it that just doesn't make much sense to me either, because, I mean, if you take it at its literal definition, what the word means is that you can only procure what you need to, I guess, like stake or what you need to mine from a small group of actors or from even just one actor. Whereas you can buy ETH from hundreds, if not thousands, of different places all around the world. There is not a monopoly on selling ETH. I mean, whether that's on-chain on DEXs or off-chain on centralized exchanges or any other number of ways to acquire ETH, you can obviously mine ETH directly if you want by buying a GPU or like a bunch of GPUs to mine ETH these days, or you can buy it directly from a miner. I mean, there's plenty of ways to acquire ETH. There's plenty of ways to acquire ASIC miners as well on Bitcoin, not as like nowhere near as many ways as there are to buy ETH and obviously Bitcoin as well. But that isn't that kind of system either. But I think, you know, what I really kind of disagree with here is Lynn, I mean, she said something else here with Tim Byker reply to where she said, where someone said, I don't know why people say proof of stake equals centralized. If you have a ton of money, you can easily buy millions of ASICs, easily access to easy access to a cheap energy source and then dominate the system. Power and pause is centralized, you know, following her logic here. And then she responded to this by saying, now, if someone spent billions to obtain 51% of Bitcoin hash rate and started censoring transactions, it could cause an uproar and raise capital to make new ASICs and regain control. And then she continues on by saying, if someone gains 50% control of a proof of stake system, it's checkmate done. Now, this is literally completely and utterly wrong, like completely wrong. This is not a matter of opinion. This is a matter of fact. And for her to state this with such confidence, just very much shows to me that she hasn't done any research on proof of stake, especially Ethereum is people of stake. And that's what, you know, kind of like, that that's where Tim Byker jumped in and said, it would take orders of magnitude more time to manufacture enough ASICs to regain control than it would to slash offending validators in proof of stake. Only credible move for BTC in that case is to switch to a GPU Algo, but that's basically a two iteration game. Pause could slash over and over. Now there's a lot more, I guess, like to it than what Tim says here, but basically what he's saying is that from a social consensus perspective, if you're going the social consensus route of raising money to get make new ASICs to regain control, that is a long and arduous process. That is not an easy thing to do. And that doesn't guarantee you anything, right? There's a kind of like a term that Vitalik came up with for this thing called a spawn camp attack, where with proof of work, there's no way to remove the miners from the active kind of like, I guess, mining set, or there's no way to kind of like delete their ASIC miners. Whereas in Ethereum, you can both remove the offending stakers and slash them, like burn their ETH essentially, for, I guess, like attempting to attack the network or attempting to censor transactions and stuff like that. And that's, you know, what Tim is basically saying here, is that it's just orders of magnitude easier in proof of stake to punish bad actors. That is not a matter of opinion. It is a matter of fact, you can verify this. This is coded into Ethereum protocol. It's coded into the Bitcoin protocol. It's how both of them work. Now, I'm not going to sit here and tell you that proof of stake is better than proof of work. Like, I mean, I personally think it is, but that's a belief. I don't think there's actually an objective measure of that just yet. I think Ethereum's proof of stake has not been around long enough and it has not even been securing an actual network yet. I mean, the beacon chain, you know, is all well and good. We all love the beacon chain, but it's not securing the trillions of dollars of value that is settled on Ethereum every year. That's still proof of work. So until we've got a few years of that under our belt, I'm not going to sit here and say that we can objectively say that Ethereum proof of stake is better than Bitcoin proof of work. And I don't even know if we can ever objectively say that, but I truly do believe that Ethereum proof of stake is better than Bitcoin proof of work. And I say Ethereum proof of stake, not just proof of stake generally, because not all proof of stake is created equal, just like not all proof of work is created equal. There are different things going on with them. And especially with proof of stake, most other networks are what's called Delegated Proof of Stake or DPOS, which is much less secure than Ethereum's version of proof of stake or implementation of proof of stake. So I think what ended up happening is that a lot of Bitcoin has got stuck in the 2017 era of proof of stake, and they're bringing up arguments from back then, narratives from back then, and they're trying to apply it to today. And it just doesn't make much sense to me at all. And it doesn't make much sense generally. I think that's what Lyn is doing here. And the fact that they keep attacking proof of stake, and obviously, I mean, she didn't specifically say Ethereum in this first tweet. I wonder if she said it in any of the others here. I don't think she did. But yeah, I mean, she's not specifically saying Ethereum, but I think you need to make a, I guess, like a separation between Ethereum proof of stake and other implementations. Because as I said, they actually vary quite wildly here. And there's another tweet she put together here where she was talking about governance and where she said, you know, consensus mechanisms that don't involve work instead involve governance, which again is wrong, because I mean, everyone uses these terms wrong. But anyway, I'll continue with the tweet. She goes on to say work is the only thing that can reduce or eliminate governance. Proof of work systems can be a commodity proof of stake is inherently an equity. I like equities, but equities aren't commodities. Now, again, this is really silly because you don't eliminate governance with a consensus mechanism. Both Bitcoin and Ethereum run on social consensus, social governance, just because there are miners and stakers doesn't mean that the social layer can't come together and override that. If the majority of the Ethereum network wants to upgrade, right, and we do have scheduled network upgrades, then the network upgrades, it hard forks the rules of the protocol change. That is the same for Bitcoin. It's just that Bitcoin doesn't want to do that. Like the Bitcoin community doesn't want to hard fork and that's fine, but that's what they want right now. Maybe in the future, they do want to hard fork. They do want to kind of, I guess, upgrade the system or do something which requires a hard fork. And you better believe that if there was a bug, a critical bug in Bitcoin, say an inflation bug, they would come together and say, okay, well, we have to fix this with a hard fork. That's the social consensus at play. That is the governance process of both Bitcoin and Ethereum. They're exactly the same thing. It's just that Ethereum embraces hard forks for network upgrades, Bitcoin does not. But the thing is when there is an issue, it's the same result. There's an inflation bug on Ethereum. If there's an inflation bug on Bitcoin, the result would be exactly the same. The community would come together. They would fix the bug. It would require a hard fork to fix pretty much like 99% of the time, and then the chain would continue on. And that's the social layer coming in to do that there. So when you kind of like take all that into consideration, it doesn't matter that Bitcoin is proof of work and that Ethereum is gonna be proof of stake in the future. What matters is the social and the consensus around that here. And then you can kind of extrapolate that and say, okay, well, what social consensus is better in the event of an attack, not just a bug? Well, then that's what matters. Cause if you're in proof of stake allows us to have more things that are disposable, it's still at the social layer. Like you would still socially decide if there was a large state taking over the network to fork them off and slash them and continue on with the actual chain that hasn't been attacked. But again, it's the same as with Bitcoin's proof of work here. So anyway, I've spent about 10 minutes on this, almost 10 minutes on this topic so far, but I did want to highlight it. And literally I could go on about this for a very long time. There are so many bad arguments against proof of stake. I didn't even touch on the rich get richer argument, which I can basically summarize into to be a profitable industrial, not even industrial size minor, just like a profitable, profitable minor in general on Bitcoin today, you would need to spend a lot of money, just like to be an Ethereum staker, you need to spend, you know, a solo stake, so to speak, you need to have 32 eighth and some computing power, you know, to, to kind of like run your validators or to run your validator on. But the thing is the same thing. It's economies of scale, right? As a network gets bigger, you know, it gets more expensive to be profitable because there's more people involved in it. So just, I mean, I could go on forever, but I'm not going to, because I've spent enough time on this now, but I suggest reading through kind of like Lynn's tweets, the replies to her tweets, cause a lot of good replies for a lot of people, sorry, a lot from a lot of people in the, in both ecosystems. And I just think that either she fundamentally doesn't actually want to understand because from what I've noticed, she's become a bit of a Bitcoin maximalist or she just kind of like, doesn't believe, or sorry, she actually believes what she is saying. Like, I think Lynn's a smart person, but at the end of the day, if you're not willing to do the research before having such strong beliefs about something, and then you don't even change your mind when faced with new information or with face from information you didn't have any, you kind of didn't read before. Well, that to me is peak Dunning Kruger. You shouldn't be opining on things that you don't understand. And this is just typical of the Bitcoin maximalist camp. When it comes to Ethereum, they always, always, always do this. They opine on things in Ethereum that they simply do not understand. They haven't done their research. It's very obvious they haven't done their research, but they opine on it like they have. And they have such confidence in the way they say things, which really, really annoys me. And I fought this for years, years and years. I fought against this. I debunked all this sort of stuff. I still do it today, not really on Twitter, but I do it on the refill and my newsletter and things like that. But it's just never ending. And at this point, it's kind of like, well, it doesn't matter what these people say. Ethereum is going to transition to proof of stake. It's going to work just fine because it's been working just fine if there are critical bugs, we're going to fix them. And if it turns out it was a bad idea and it actually turns out that the whole system is inferior and doesn't actually work as we intended, well, then so be it. But the thing is that I strongly believe that's not going to be the case. Everything points to that not being the case. And the thing is that you can't say with confidence today that that is going to be the case. So anyway, I'm going to end the rant there for now. But definitely go check out Lynn's tweets and the replies to her tweets because it's really great and there's a lot more education to be had there as well. So a pretty big news, I guess, like outside of crypto today, which obviously has a direct relation to crypto. So a bit of, I guess, like this comes out of Canada. So Canada's deputy prime minister said today that under the Emergencies Act, banks can immediately freeze or suspend bank accounts without court order and be protected from civil liability. And this is being used to freeze the bank accounts of people that are donating to the truckers convoy or the protest in Canada. I haven't followed it that closely, but I'm aware of it. I'm not going to give you my opinion on it. All I'm going to say is that what I quote tweeted here was that Ethereum is trying to fix this. Not that Ethereum fixes this because Ethereum does not fix this today. There's a lot of problems with the Ethereum that we need to solve. Obviously, scale is a big one. A lot of the systems aren't actually truly decentralized, all that sort of stuff. But Ethereum is trying to fix it. This is exactly why we're building decentralized systems, because no matter what, a centralized body, especially the government, shouldn't be able to just unilaterally freeze your bank account for doing things that they deem to be not, I guess, healthy for society or not in the best interest of society. Because they may use it for things that legitimately would negatively affect society today. But in the future, this power corrupts. And it corrupts absolutely, because it can be used to silence anyone they want. Right? And at the end of the day, pretty much everything we do in life is a financial transaction. Really. I mean, when we really break it down, finance, I guess, is such an important part of each and every one of our lives. Obviously, it's not everything. But it is such a structural part of our lives. Without the access to a modern financial system in a modern country, you're pretty much locked out of most things. You're pretty much going to end up homeless. Right? But Ethereum and systems like it are offering an alternative. You can truly go bankless. I mean, today, you can actually go bankless with Ethereum. It's difficult. As I said, there's still a lot of problems with scale. Obviously, a lot of Ethereum-based tokens, Ether, stablecoins aren't accepted to pay things like bills and to pay your mortgage and to pay other things, blah, blah, blah. You actually have to still go through banks and other centralized intermediaries to do that. And I mean, there's a lot of issues. Right? But the thing is that we're building towards this better future. This is the whole point. When someone says to you, decentralization doesn't matter, point them to shit like this. Because if you're happy with the centralized system, you're basically saying that you're happy with, I guess, like governments being able to do this. And as I said, they're doing this to people that you may not disagree with, so you may not agree with today. Maybe you think that the trucker protests are ridiculous and they should be punished to the fullest extent of the law and everything like that, blah, blah, blah. But that's not the point I'm trying to make. The point I'm making is that it doesn't matter if you don't agree with them today. In the future, they may be something you do agree with, but the government doesn't. And they kind of like take the freeze their bank accounts or something like that. And then you start having an issue with you like, oh my God, I can't believe they've done this, right? So I think that's what we're building these decentralized systems for. It's definitely what Ethereum is being built for. And this is what I talk about when I say kind of like credible neutrality and a neutral kind of like settlement layer in Ethereum and a decentralized settlement layer. Because Ethereum is not supposed to, I mean, as a protocol and as a system, is not supposed to make a values judgment on anyone. It's literally supposed to just be a dumb, and I don't mean dumb in a bad way, but just like a very dumb and simple settlement layer that allows anything to settle on as long as you play by the rules of the protocol and playing by the rules of the protocol is basically just submitting a transaction. Like you, you know, submitting a transaction as the protocol expects it to be submitted and paying the fee to do so. That's really it at the end of the day, right? You can do anything. I can send money to anyone I want around the world as long as they have an Ethereum address and the Ethereum network is not going to stop me from doing that. Now, of course, these networks aren't fully censorship proof. They're censorship resistant, which means that if miners banded together, they could technically censor me if they wanted to. But the incentive isn't there to do that. The miners are basically autonomous machines and, you know, but the possibility still exists there. But and same with stakers. I mean, it doesn't matter. Anyone that's producing blocks can still do this. That's why we call it censorship resistant and not censorship proof, because you can definitely still be censored on these networks. It's just that the larger the network is, the more economic security there is, whether that be under proof of work or proof of stake, the higher the cost of censoring becomes and the lower chance that you'll be censored on them. And it's not a centralized thing either, because obviously it's a decentralized network. Things need to band together. It's not like some one centralized body like a government choosing to censor you. So, yeah, next time someone says to you that decentralization doesn't matter, point them to stuff like this. Literally tell them like, okay, well, and even if they say, oh, well, I don't agree with the, you know, the protest. Yeah, I'm like, well, say to them, that's not the point. The point is, is that do you believe that the government should be able to freeze anyone's bank account anytime for any reason? And if they still say yes, well, I mean, can't help them then. But, you know, I think a normal rational and logical person should always say no to that question. Like you don't want anyone, not the government, not anyone to be able to do that to you because they're shutting you out of the financial system. They shut you out of basically everything and there's not much you can do after that, especially if it's the government doing it. So, so, yeah, anyway, I thought that was important. And as I said, Ethereum is trying to fix this, does not fix it today. Bitcoin does not fix this either today, guys. Like I just, whenever someone says that this fixes this or that fixes that, we're still so early that none of this fixes anything. I mean, we're obviously trying to do that and this brings more awareness to the technologies that we're building, but you can't claim victory yet. You can't claim that this is ready for any sort of kind of like mainstream adoption because it's not. We'll get there, but it's not ready for that today. All right. Onto some, I guess, like lesser drama now and some project updates. So Erbit, which is, I mean, I've looked into Erbit before. It's been around for quite a while. They build themselves as a clean slate operating system and network for the 21st century. I think a lot of people find that pretty difficult to understand exactly what Erbit is. I'm not an expert on it, but I don't really want to talk about what Erbit is today. What I wanted to talk about is that they announced that they're deploying their own layer two roll up on Ethereum. This is really cool. This basically speaks to what I've been saying about how I expect the error of spinning up layer one to be over and the error of spinning up your own layer two to be just beginning. And that's exactly what Erbit is doing here. So they've called this a technical triumph and they have managed to cut gas costs by almost 200x making planets, which is a part of their system, more affordable and transaction fees nearly trivial. So there's a thread here with more about it. There's also a blog post and things like that, or a couple of blog posts about this. I think this is really, really, really cool. I really do, as I said, do believe that the error of, I guess, like the monolithic chain, the layer one, you know, the do everything at layer one chains is completely over. I mean, it's not even near over. It is over. The only monolithic chains that exist today are the ones that kind of like existed over the last few years that are kind of just like coasting along. But the smartest, I guess, like protocol designers are pivoting to the modular stack, which, as I've mentioned before, is separating concerns between settlement, consensus, settlement slash consensus, data availability and execution. Now, layer two is where we do the execution layer. One is where we do the settlement consensus. And it's also can possibly be where we do the data availability. Now, the layer terminology is actually being phased out by researchers because they think it doesn't really make sense to describe this, but I'm going to keep using it because obviously I don't want to keep changing terminology on you guys because you probably just getting up to speed with this now. But essentially what it means is that on layer twos or on the execution layout, we do all the heavy lifting. We do the processing of the transactions and basically that's it. Then with a roll up, you post a proof of those trends that you've run those transactions with the data to the layer one or to the settlement consensus layer that secures it because that is coming to consensus on those transactions, just like it would any other transaction. And then that layer two has that security. So that's what we mean by you always be able to exit out of layer two to layer one because the layer one is now securing that, I guess like those transactions and that data there. And then when we talk about data availability, I mean, that's another thing you can split off. Like right now Ethereum does data availability and consensus settlement at the same layer with the current kind of like ETH one. But in the future, we're hoping that we can separate this obviously with sharding and then make the current kind of like chain that we all know and love today enshrined on the beacon chain so that everything can kind of like talk to each other. Everything can be interoperable with each other. And this is kind of the future that we're barreling down towards. So I'm super excited to see a big project like a bit, you know, spinning up their own layer to roll up. I don't think they're going to be the last one. I think we're going to see like a thousand roll ups and or layer twos bloom. And then there's going to be not just roll ups, right? Like technically things like validity and validity and kind of these off chain things aren't roll ups, but they could be considered layer two constructions as well. You know, and they're going to bloom too. I mean, there's already really popular ones like immutable X, right? And then we're going to just get more and more of these kind of like instructions as time goes on. But I really do think that the error of doing everything at layer one is completely over. There are going to be chains that try to do this. I mean, of the most obvious example is Solana. That's what they're trying to do. I mean, I think into the future, sometime in the future, Solana will also pivot and say, oh, okay, you know, well, maybe we won't do everything at layer one. Maybe we'll do, you know, Blair twos as well, all this sort of stuff, because they already pivoted on the fee market stuff. They said that they weren't going to have a fee market. Now they're going to have a fee market, right? So I do think that eventually things change and things come around to the best technical designs because there's a matter of opinion. Then there's a matter of technical fact. And at the end of the day, like there are certain different design decisions you can make, but there is always going to be a tech that is vastly better than what you've come up with. And it doesn't matter about opinion. The tech speaks for itself sort of thing. So, so yeah, anyway, cool to see a bit do this today. I'm excited to see their layer to roll up grow. All right. So I got pinged about this, I think yesterday about Polygon's multi-sig that they have on their bridge, which is a five of eight multi-sig. I believe, which means five people have to sign. And there's a bunch of functions that can be called on that multi-sig. And this is the main bridge multi-sig that secures the funds that go from Ethereum to the Polygon POS chain. Now, my high low put together a great thread, kind of like addressing, I guess, Justin bonds thread, which started all of this. I've talked about this countless times on the refill, so I'm not going to rehash all of it today. But the TLDR as my high low points out here is that the multi-sigs are used to increase security, not decrease that. Polygon is responsibly using them and they are working towards removing them. Now, the reason why he says this and he goes into the thread about this as well, that basically while it's still in the early stages, while upgrades still need to be done to these systems, right? You can't decentralize. You can't give control of this over to like a Dow or over to like Matic token holders just yet. It's still too early for them to do that. They don't feel comfortable doing it. They want to be able to respond to critical bugs, which actually was a critical bug recently in the bridge contract where a lot of money could have been stolen. And that was kind of like reported and patched and all that sort of stuff. And that's why this kind of like exists. Is it centralized? I mean, pretty much. Yeah. Like, I mean, a five of eight multi-sig is not decentralized. Is it like a practical and realistic solution for the short to medium term while we get these systems to maturity? Yes, it definitely is. Now, I'm not defending centralization here, but I'm saying you have to be pragmatic about this. You can't just say all the bridges need to be 100% decentralized from day one because you say that now. And then when there's a hack or a bug or an exploit and all the funds get drained, there's no recourse about that. And there's no kind of like centralized kind of like benefactor to help you. You're going to be angry about that right as a user. So I think while these things are still young and immature, we need to take the practical and pragmatic approaches and not get bogged down with, oh, it's not decentralized. It means that it's super insecure and super centralized, and they're going to run at any second. No, guys, like, come on. Like, seriously, I know I say I'm a decentralization maximalist, but I'm also a pragmatist where I say, okay, I want us to get to decentralizing, decentralizing, decentralizing everything. But I know that you can't do that from day one. You can't just have something decentralized from day one. And there's also a spectrum here where it's like, there are certain things that are much harder to decentralize. There are certain things that have systems in place that make mean that they're never going to be decentralized. Like, I believe the monolithic chains, especially the ones that require beefy hardware to run, are never going to be truly decentralized because it's an inherent design fault in or a fault or feature, depending on who you ask. But for me, it's like, for me, I look at it as a fault. Same is true, sorry, whereas for a multi-sig, it's very different because the multi-sig can be taken off. It's not an inherent design flaw. You can literally hand over control of that contract to a DAO, which has a bunch of members in it. You can have token holder voting, all that sort of stuff there. But yeah, I mean, for the meantime, it's going to be like this and I'm, you know, at this point I'm done addressing this kind of like, I don't know why Justin brought this up again. I mean, it's good to make people aware of this. I'm not saying that we should hide this sort of stuff, but Justin's thread was very hyperbolic, was very kind of like, I guess, like bombastic and out there, but I'm glad my highly replied here. And, you know, people have tagged me and say, you have a bias because you're a polygon advisor. I mean, guys, like everyone has a bias, right? Well, I have a bar towards Ethereum because I'm an ETH holder. Like I don't get that kind of like line of documentation here. As I said, I've spoken about this multisig and this bridge stuff plenty of times before. I've given the same answer every single time where I've said this is the pragmatic approach. It will get removed sometime in the future, but we're still so early. Everyone thinks that we're like so late stage in crypto adoption that everything's going to be decentralized or as you know, it's always going to be centralized. It's not how it works. It's time to stop thinking in absolutes and start thinking more practically about things, guys. Anyway, moving on from that one to an exciting update from Arbitrum. Another centralized exchange has added support for Arbitrum. So OKEx has enabled deposits and withdrawals on the Arbitrum network for both ETH and Magic. Now, this is a pretty weird, not weird selection, but like interesting selection with, I mean, obviously, ETH is the obvious choice here, but Magic. I mean, I've talked about Magic before, how it's part of the Treasure Dao ecosystem, which is a very popular NFT ecosystem slash marketplace on Arbitrum. But it's curious that OKEx supports ETH and Magic and not like ETH and stablecoin. So I think Magic is actually a big part of the Treasure Dao kind of, sorry, the big part of the Arbitrum ecosystem right now. So that makes sense. And maybe OKEx is an investor or something like that as an exchange. I'm not sure, but really great to see another centralized exchange supporting Arbitrum here with deposits and withdrawals being enabled. So if you use OKEx, you can definitely go check this out. All right. So a new post dropped today from 0xpark, which is called Stealth Drop Anonymous Air Drops Using ZK Proofs. Now, I'm pretty sure I covered something similar to this a little while ago. I think it was from the same account that were talking about this, but essentially there is now a GitHub repository for it with kind of like a demo of doing this. So being able to kind of like airdrop ERC-20 tokens that can be claimed by completely anonymous accounts, which is really cool. You can read all about this. I mean, there's a lot of kind of technical stuff going on here, but you can read all about it on the GitHub. I'll link it in the YouTube description, but I just wanted to put it on your guys' radar because I remember speaking about it maybe a month or two ago, and I just wanted to follow up that there was a demo now, and there is more kind of like explanation about how this works. So definitely go check that out. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. All right. Finally, here we have an update out of Zappa. So their latest update allows you to follow your favorite wallets on the Zappa dashboard. This update is the first in a series of features that aim to make using Zappa more social, including an activity feed, read on for some alpha and follow a feature highlight. So, I mean, I checked this just before. I am apparently number two behind Vitalik here in terms of the most followers and Seb O'Dare being number three here. He's actually one of the founders of Zappa. So I'm ahead of him on his own platform. That's pretty funny. But I mean, I don't know if people are following my public address. It's a very boring address. I don't do anything on there for various different reasons, but if you want to follow me, you can follow me. That's fine. But I think this is cool. I really do like these kind of like social features. I think these social features are only going to get more important as time goes on, especially as more of these decentralized social networks like lens protocol starts spinning up and you're able to kind of like take your identity with you, take your profiles with you, follow everyone on different kind of like places, all that sorts of stuff, right? It's all going to be portable. It's all going to be interoperable. I'm very excited for all of that. But yeah, definitely go check this out if you're a user of Zappa and if you're not a user of Zappa, you should be. It is the best dashboard out there, I believe, for tracking all of your positions and things like that. But yeah, cool little feature here. Definitely check out the thread for some more alpha. But on that note, I think that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.