 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of Daily Gray Refuel, where I recap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, The MNSD, and this is a sign-on to the 10th of October 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So, DevCon in Bogota is kicking off over the next week. I've been seeing all the tweets and pictures being shared kind of on Twitter there. Obviously, I am not attending, so there will be refuels as per normal, but I'm excited to, I guess, follow along online, see all the news coming out. There's going to be a bunch of major announcements, I would assume. So, very excited to see all that. But, see, unfortunately, it just didn't work for me to make it down. So, I hope anyone who's there and listening to the Refuel still, I hope you're having fun. And if you're heading there and still not there yet, you know, obviously, safe journeys and all that sort of stuff. But yeah, very, very cool to see that DevCon is back after so long as well. I mean, the last DevCon was in 2019 at Osaka in Japan. I attended that one. It was really, really fun. But then, obviously, COVID hit and we didn't have any DevCons. And we had DevConnect in Amsterdam, which I also attended this year, which was like a mini-DevCon. That was quite fun. But DevCon is always the biggest conference of the year for Ethereum. So, yeah, hope everyone has fun there. But let's get into the news now, so from the weekend. So, Tim Byko has put out a fresh All-Core Devs update here on HackMD. So, you can go check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. The TLDR is that we merged. So, this is the first All-Core Devs update that Tim has put out post-merge. So, obviously, we merged. It was quasi-flawless. The All-Core Devs and consensus layer calls are on pause for a few more weeks. I remember I did mention that on the refill. And the Kiln testnet has been shut down, with Rinkaby and Robson testnets being shut down soon. So, you can read this full post for a breakdown here. It's not very, very long. You can go check it out. I'll link it in the YouTube description. But very cool to see that these updates are back in the... I guess, like, the Core Devs, as I've said plenty of times, like, they are and aren't taking a break. Like, it's a break in the sense that there's no calls. And they can, you know, they're not under any pressure to deliver anything right now. But they're still building like crazy. I mean, it's just insane. And, I mean, a lot of them are at DevCon, right? So, they're going to enjoy themselves. And I hope they do. They've earned it. But, yeah, just a little bit of a craziness going on there. So, Ben Edgington actually put out an update over the weekend as well. So, this is an update to his book for Ballotrix, which is in the annotated spec here. So, you can go to eth2book.info slash lated, which has latest, I should say, for to check out that chapter there. So, this is edition two, which is Ballotrix. You can go check out all the chapters that are finished here. So, there's consensus, you know, introduction to the annotated specification, upgrades such as the hard fork history and things like that. I mean, I've gone through Ben Edgington's book before, so you can go check it out. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. And speaking of core development stuff, Tim Biker put out another kind of little, I guess, signal to Twitter over the weekend saying, eth-global, eth-bogatah hack idea, ultrasound monies simulate merge button, but for EIP 4844. Scan the chain, look at call data in transactions and simulate how much it would have cost using the dynamic blob pricing described in the EIP. So, there's been a lot more talk about EIP 4844 slash proto-dank sharding lately. It's basically the talk of the town now. I mean, it was pretty much destined to be post-merge, obviously. It is the most exciting upgrade coming post-merge, and there's a lot of movement happening here. And I think this would be really cool because, as I mentioned before, call data is what gets stored on the chain today, on a layer one today from these layer twos. But in a proto-dank sharding world, there'll be this new transaction type called blobs, which is basically like call data from my understanding, but it's much cheaper and it expires. After a month right now, I think, is the time limit they've put there. But this would be a way to just simulate how much it would have cost for these layer twos to use the call data opcode versus the blob carrying transactions. So, the costs are going to be considerably less. Like, the estimates put it at 10 to 100 times less. We don't know exactly until, obviously, these things go live, but this would be really cool to see because ultrasound money's simulate merge button is a fan favorite. I know a lot of people use that, and I'll be talking about that a little bit later in the refill today. But yeah, hopefully someone hacks on this. I think someone may have already started. I remember seeing a reply here, but I can't see it right now. But yeah, hopefully someone hacks on this at Bogota and we get something like this that's out into the wilds. And speaking of EIP 4844 and dank sharding, the KZG ceremony for dank sharding is coming. So, Trent van Epps, who is, I guess, one of the champions or coordinators of the KZG ceremony here said, Attention, Anon, in the next few weeks, we need you to contribute randomness to help scale Ethereum. Interested? Don't miss our slot at the DEFCON kickoff to find out how you can be part of this historic ceremony. And there's a link here to this. And for a more in-depth overview of these types of ceremonies and what went into the design process, don't miss Carl's talk on Thursday here, which is also linked. Now, I've talked about the KZG ceremony that is required for proto dank sharding before. It's basically a trusted setup, but the awesome thing is that you only need to trust one participant. And as I've said previously, we want thousands and thousands of participants and it's looking like we'll get those. And someone actually pointed this out when I was talking about this last time in the YouTube comments where they said, The beautiful thing about this is that you only have to trust yourself. Right? You are a participant. If you're a participant in this ceremony, then you only have to trust yourself and you can distrust everyone else. Like if there's 10,000 people, you can distrust 9,999 other people and you can also assume that all of them aren't doing what they're supposed to be doing, but you know you're doing what you're supposed to be doing. Right? You know when you can trust yourself and you know that you've done the right thing. Well, that's all that matters. So how cool is that? Right? I think that's actually a pretty mind-blowing concept. And that's the trusted setup terminology around the KZG ceremony tends to turn people off sometimes like, Oh, trusted ceremony, that doesn't sound very decentralized. But as I said, like it's a technically correct name, but there's a lot of nuance around that. Like trusted in the sense of you only need to trust one person and you can just trust yourself in that regard. So the more participants we have, obviously the better it is because then the chance of every single participant being, I don't know, malicious or doing the wrong thing is basically 0%. It's never going to be exactly 0%, but it's basically 0%. Right? So yeah, if you want to learn more about this, there are presentations at DevCon if you're there. I don't know if it's live streamed, it may be live streamed. I'm sure it'll be recorded at least. You can check out all of that. And also as usual, you can go to the EIP44.com website to check out all the information around that EIP as well as information related to general dank sharding there. All right. So Ross here from LexDow put out a great little tweet thread about Ethereum over the weekend that I wanted to read out and add a bit of color to. So they said, The Ethereum thesis in my mind is that it accumulates social capital as first mover on smart contracts and eats new research. Genuinely, do Alt-L1 seek to improve on doing the same or are they after a pure technological victory? Then he continues, By and large, they try and compromise on decentralization to onboard 1 billion users, that's in quotes, but don't know why anyone cares about that over just using Visa. Chiefly, conversion cost is much harder to try and front run Ethereum on normies in a bear market without speculative bulls to nudge them. My opinion and bias, of course, but with Ethereum roll-ups already used by Reddit and Polygon doing more than Sui and Aptos in BizDev right now, aligned to Ethereum settlement as the base, why do we listen to these narratives again next cycle? The tech will be forked back, social is hard. So this is basically the TLDR is Ross saying the social layer matters above everything. And I mean, I've been saying that for a very long time, so I'm not going to bore you with rehashing what I've been saying, but I think it's quite prudent to understand this as both an investor and a user of these things. Like the old TLR1s, the thesis, the narratives around them, they work really well in a bull market because there's obviously a lot of new people coming in and they, I guess they're first cyclers, they'll believe anything, right? But the problem is, I think, well, it's not a problem for Ethereum, but the problem is for these networks is I really do wonder what their talking point is going to be next bull market because we're like, by the looks of things, we're not going to get another bull market for a little while. And we already have layer twos live in a really big capacity and they've got awesome ecosystems and you can use everything on there or most things on there that you can use on layer one. And we're probably going to have proto dank sharding live before the next bull market rolls around, the demand rolls around, which means these layer twos are going to be extremely cheap to use. So what a layer one's going to do? Are they just going to do the same thing they did last time with the liquidity incentives? I'm sure they will. But there was always that backup narrative they had where they were always talking about the fact that Ethereum had high gas fees come to us, we have lower gas fees, blah, blah, blah. And we all knew that that was just a bull market thing. And I remember saying that a lot. And I also remember saying that with the liquidity incentives, I mean, this mercenary capital, the liquidity is going to come, sorry, leave as fast as it came, especially because a lot of that liquidity is from first cyclers who again, just leave once the bull market subsides. So I really do wonder what they're going to be talking about. Are they going to still be talking about Ethereum's high gas fees? Because layer one gas fees is definitely going to be high still. Like, don't get me wrong, we're not going to have low layer one gas fees, but that has never been the goal with, I mean, hasn't been the goal with Ethereum scaling roadmap for a while now. So layer twos are going to be there for those users. And as time goes on, they improve, we have more layer twos going live. I mean, there's so many of them now. It's pretty crazy. So I often wonder about that. And then as I explained last week on the refuel, you know, what is the staying power here? Well, it's the social aid, it's the community, it's the culture that is always and forever will be the staying power of these things. I mean, it doesn't just apply to crypto. And I use the religion analogy last week. It also applies to so many things in life. And you know, you could argue it applies to everything. Like, when do things die, right? Like, when do things quote, like actually die? It's when people stop caring about them, right? It's not when they fall over or get shut down. It's when people stop caring about it, because there's plenty of instances of things being shut down. For example, there are games that get shut down or stop being supported. But there is always a community that keeps it alive, right? They maybe run private servers, or they revive it if it's, if they've got access to the source code. For example, a lot of the old Nintendo games are emulated on PC. And there's a huge community behind that. They've got the emulators that they develop, and they improve upon the games, they have the ROMs. Yes, it's not technically legal, but it still exists in that fashion, right? That's because the community wants it to. So it's not just the technology there, it's obviously the community keeping it alive and keeping it going. So the same is true for so many things in life, and I think people don't realize that. And within crypto, they definitely don't realize that. And it's always funny because it's like, well, look at number one and two, it's Bitcoin and Ethereum. What do they have in common? Like, out of everything in crypto, sorry, out of everything between Bitcoin and Ethereum and the rest of crypto, Bitcoin and Ethereum have one thing in common that is the same. Whether Bitcoiners or Ethereums agree on this or not, they both have their own strong social slash cultural layers that keep the thing going. Like Bitcoin, for all its faults, for all the Bitcoin maximalists and stuff out there that I've given them shit for before, they have a strong community. If you just look at the community as a vacuum, it is strong, right? They have so much support, so many true believers, so many people building things around Bitcoin. Yeah, I mean, they're not as interesting as what's being built on Ethereum. But people are still doing things on Bitcoin, whether that be building centralized infrastructure around it, building little tools for people to use, building ways to run the full node through Tor, making it easier to do stuff like that. There is stuff being built as much as can be expected. And the same is obviously true for Ethereum. Like, we have everyone, so many people in the community that care about Ethereum from both a builder perspective and a community member perspective, and I mean, educator perspective, so many different perspectives. So I think that at the end of the day, like, a pure technological victory, especially in crypto, is just not going to cut it. As Ross said here, just use Visa. Like, if you're a completely centralized chain, then how do you... Okay, let me take a step back here just to give a little bit of context and I'll move on from this. I just want to give this context because I think it's really important. There's like a spectrum, right? And the spectrum is decentralization on one side, centralization on the other. The closer you move to centralization, right, the more disruptive, you know, the more you put yourself at risk of being disrupted by something even more centralized than you. So for example, Solana is, you know, pretty centralized, right? And it has this quote-unquote scale because of that centralization. But what happens when these other ones come along that is even more centralized, right? The Aptos, the Sui, the Sei, whatever these other ones are, right? They're going to be even more centralized. So what happens when they come along and be more centralized? What's Solana's differentiation there? I would argue that it's business development. They do, you know, pretty decent business development, not like what Polygon does, but they do pretty decent there. And that would actually be the edge that they have. But from a technological standpoint, like these other chains are more centralized, which means they can be more performance than what Solana can at Layer 1. Obviously, I don't think they're going to be more performant than the Layer 2 ecosystem on Ethereum. But if we're comparing, you know, centralized to centralized, this is where we're going with it. So in my mind, there's always been a Goldilocks zone where, on the spectrum, where, you know, this full, you know, absolute max decentralization, which is where I would probably put Bitcoin. And then there's Ethereum, which I think is pretty close to that. But it takes some trade-offs to give it more functionality. You know, it takes a little bit of trade-offs in decentralization to give it more functionality. I mean, it would be hard to argue that Ethereum is, you know, totally more decentralized than Bitcoin because Bitcoin doesn't actually evolve. It doesn't have hard focus, it doesn't have upgrades. It doesn't matter if those upgrades are done in a, you know, social consensus way on Ethereum, where it actually requires community buying to do them. Just the fact that the chain can upgrade adds that little bit of extra, I guess, like, centralization, you could call it. And that is what tips the scales. But I think Ethereum hits the nice Goldilocks zone between a little bit, you know, trading off a little bit of decentralization for the ability to upgrade, for the ability to keep improving the network in order to get to that end state where we will be, you know, that pure decentralized end state, where the layer one won't upgrade anymore or will, you know, upgrade only over very long time horizons. And as I said, I think that's the Goldilocks zone of where we should be. But anyway, I'm going to stop there because I talk about this stuff a lot. Don't want to bore you guys. Moving on to the next piece of news. So a new layer two roll, ZK roll-up was announced over the weekend called Tycho. So they're calling themselves a decentralized Ethereum equivalent ZK roll-up. And you can check out their GitHub here, where I believe the white paper is. So they say Tycho's aim is to scale Ethereum without sacrificing security or compatibility. And you can check out the white paper here or view it in the browser as well, which I'll link in the YouTube description, of course. But yeah, they're calling themselves a type one ZK-EVM, which is prioritizing EVM equivalents and Ethereum equivalents above ZK friendly optimizations. And they believe this creates the smoothest path for developers, users and infrastructure providers. And they say while they have released the white paper, the Tycho team has been making great progress over many months. And you can take a look at their GitHub to look at the code there. The closed repos are being opened over the coming weeks. And they also have a Discord and a Reddit that you can go check out as well. And this is awesome just to see another ZK roll-up kind of entering the ecosystem here. It looks pretty promising from what I've seen on the white paper. They look like they know what they're talking about. I can't remember who was credited on the white paper. I want to just quickly check that because there were some familiar names on there that some of you may recognize. Let's have a look here. I don't... Actually, there wasn't... Maybe I was wrong there. There doesn't seem to be any names on the white paper. I'm sure I saw some names somewhere, but it seems that they're still under wraps here. Or at least maybe I saw the names on the actual GitHub, the contributors. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, contributors. So this is where I saw that. So you can see in the contributors section that Matt Finestone. So those of you will know Matt Finestone from Loopring and also from GameStop. So I believe he may have left GameStop recently and he said he was working on something new. Well, this seems to be something new. And there's also this person here, I believe... I'm not sure what they've worked on before, but they've definitely worked in crypto before Dan here. So, but yeah, that's where I saw the familiar name, Matt Finestone. So if he's part of this project, I'm pretty bullish on it. Matt's a good friend of mine and I definitely have followed his work for a while now. And he certainly knows what he's doing. So yeah, I'm looking forward to learning more about Tyco as time goes on and seeing how they plan to differentiate themselves from, I guess, like a lot of the different ZK AVMs out there or out there being developed right now. And yeah, I can't wait to see them go, maybe not live on main net, but even a test net. That'd be really cool to see. All right, so I spoke about Avo in the last week or the week before, which is a, I believe... Oh man, I've got the word in my head. I don't want to get this wrong. I don't want to give the wrong information out there. Avo is a options roll up. Yes. So they're focused basically on just DeFi options and it's being made by people from ribbon finance here. So they just deployed to main net. So you can see here that the Avo main net was deployed with chain ID one. And obviously this is an L2 and they have support for USDC wrapped ETH and wrapped Bitcoin so far. And that's just the tweet there. I just wanted to highlight that the main net has been deployed. So another layer two is now live on Ethereum. We're going to have so many of these things, guys. I actually, the era of layer twos is, I mean, it's been here for a while, but it's just, it's getting hotter and hotter. I mean, I just talked about Tyco. Now we have Avo live on main net after announcing themselves just a few weeks ago. And I really do think that people opting to maybe move away from roll ups, like the UIDX or teams opting to build, you know, their sovereign app chains are going to lose out to roll ups. I'm still more convinced and I'm probably more convinced than ever at this point in time that roll ups are the long-term viable solution over these other things. And there's actually a lot of debate about this right now. There's a lot of debate around app chains versus, sorry, like sovereign app chains versus just roll up app chains. And yeah, I mean, I've read the literature that's been put out about it. I've read different takes on it, and I'm still not convinced that the sovereign app chain thesis makes any sense at all. And honestly, there's a lot of technical reasons, but if I'm being honest, I really only look at the economic reason because the economic reason drives everything else. So what I mean by that is that it's much cheaper for a app roll up to secure itself on Ethereum than it is for a sovereign app chain to secure itself with its own token with its own validator set. Because the cost to spin up a validator set to be anywhere near as secure as Ethereum, which you probably won't get to, right, is just absolutely massive. Think about Ethereum's market cap. Think about the economic security backing Ethereum with the amount of ETH that's staked. It's tens of billions of dollars. So you have to basically get your token to be worth that much in order to even compete with Ethereum security. And as we all know, it's not just about technical security and decentralization. It's also about the social layer as well. So I do think that if you're an app roll up, it makes, sorry, if you deploy an app roll up instead of a sovereign app chain, it makes much more economical sense. But you also get to inherit Ethereum security, right? And you also get to inherit the Ethereum decentralization and community. So you don't have to go ahead and bootstrap it. You can have your own token, right? People have the wrong idea that roll ups can't have their own tokens if they're securing themselves on Ethereum. I mean, that's false. We already have roll ups with their own tokens and it works just fine. I mean, the value of these tokens will be determined by a bunch of other factors, but they're live and they're working and no one's crying about it. And it's fine, right? It's padding along. The argument can be made that the sovereign app chain tokens will perform better than roll up tokens, but that's an argument that can be made. But there's no actual proof right now of that. We haven't seen it at scale so that you can't really look at anything right now. But people have their own thesis. They have their own thinking about this and that's totally fine. As I said, my thinking is app roll ups are going to eat everything and roll ups in general are going to eat everything, especially when it comes to ZK roll ups. I can't describe, it's kind of hard for me to describe how much these ZK roll ups are going to eat everything. They're just so technologically superior and they are so backed by the Ethereum community that it's just, it's going to be amazing. I'm going to stop fawning over ZK roll ups now, but yeah, great to see Avo live on main net. I don't think you can use it yet. I think this is just deployed and they're probably going to put out more information as time goes on. All right, so speaking of ZK stuff, Polygon is announcing something I think today, yeah, they may have announced it already. Actually, let me have a good look on their profile right now. Time of recording. I want to see if they've announced it. No, I don't think so. I think they're going to be announcing something major related to the ZK work quite soon. So maybe you've already seen it announced. Maybe you haven't, depending on when you're watching or listening to the refill. But yeah, something big is coming, which I mean, I'm looking forward to it. I don't actually know what it is. There's actually a logo there. I don't know what, is that a logo? Oh man, I've seen that somewhere before. If I go to their website here, maybe I can figure it out. Oh no, Polygon ZK. So that's the logo for ZKVM. I thought it was for a specific project, but it's just their logo for the generic ZKVM that they're kind of building. So news about that's coming out. I'm going to keep you updated on that. Hopefully tomorrow we'll have an announcement and I'll be able to cover that then. All right, so a big announcement out of the pull up project over the weekend. So American Express has partnered with the pull up. So if you're going to be at the ACL Music Festival, you'll be able to get a limited edition pull up, which serves as proof that you were there. So we're all used to getting these pops when we go to conferences and, you know, when we do things online and we attend events online. Well, now people who are going to a music festival who may have never heard of crypto before, or I mean, probably they heard of crypto, but not really involved in it. They probably never heard of pull up before. Well, now they're getting exposure here, which is just awesome. I mean, you guys know pop is one of my favorite non-financial use cases of Ethereum. And you guys know I'm an investor in pop as well to disclose that as usual. But I mean, I've been a pop fan for a very, very long time, way, way longer than I've been an investor in them. But they, the good, the cool thing about pop is as evidenced here is that they're not just tied to crypto. I mean, they're very much not tied to crypto and Ethereum at all. Like they're on Ethereum and they're on a few other chains as well. But they can do any event in the world. Any like, I mean, anything in the world can be done with a pop, like any events, not just events either, like any meetup, right? Any big festival, obviously just anything where you want to do a proof of attendance. You can use pop to do that, which is I think very, very cool. And it obviously has an impact in crypto as well, because you could imagine a thing where this music festivals like, Hey, you can mint these NFTs or these music NFTs if you hold a pop or if you hold a pop, you get a discount because you can prove that you're at this music festival, which means that you bought a ticket, right? And then you can cryptographically prove that, that you were there and you can get this discount. So there's a lot of use cases here, but just very, very cool to see a pop branching out more into the mainstream crowd. All right. So this happened a little while ago. I don't know. I don't remember covering this. So I just want to cover it quickly here, but Alchemix launched on optimism. So I actually don't remember covering this. So just cool to see them on optimism. Alchemix has been around for a little while now. I've talked about them a bunch of times on the refuel. But for those of you who don't know, they're a self-replaying loan platform. They've been building through both DeFi summer and through the bear market. And they're still building and they're deploying, I guess like they're doing their multi-chain architecture deployment right now. So they're live on optimism. I don't know what other L2s they're live on just yet, but you can go check out alchemix.fi to check all that out, but cool to see them live on the optimism network there. All right. Last thing I wanted to talk about here was ultrasound money, I guess is the broad topic here. And I think that it's important because over the weekend, there has been this new Ponzi thing that got deployed to Ethereum called Zen crypto. And I'm sure you've seen it. And I'm sure you've seen the gas prices go back up to 30, 40, 50, and that's because of this Zen crypto thing. I mean, if you look over the last seven days, Zen crypto has burned almost 3000 ETH, which is almost three times Uniswap V3, which is huge, right? Because over the last 30 days, you can see Uniswap V3, even all, you can see that Uniswap V3 is usually dominating there. But yeah, this new Ponzi was just deployed. Apparently it's free to mint the token and people are minting it and obviously driving gas prices up and they're trying to sell it, blah, blah, whatever. Right. That's not my point here. I don't really care what it is, but this is the cause of it. What I care about is this chart. You can see here that we picked here, like this has been the supply growth since merge, right? You can see supply in this chart gone, gone up and up and up, not up that much. I mean, we went to like what? 13,000 ETH supplied since merge, including the burn. Now, because we're in a deflationary period where obviously above the 15.3 Gwei ultrasound barrier here, it's deflationary and we're way above that. We've been way above that all weekend. You start seeing the supply come down. So since this has started, we've burned 3000, over 3000 ETH and we're basically deflationary. We are deflationary over the last seven days. You can see here 0.05%. Over the last 30 days, it's 0.12% inflationary, but that's coming down now. So if this continues for, I think the next few days, I mean, actually, if this continues for another four days, if I'm doing my math correctly at the same pace that it's been over the weekend, we will have wiped out all the issuance that we issued, obviously factoring in the normal burn since the merge. Now what's even crazier than this is what I put out in my tweet here is that I put this out earlier today. This was only 12 hours ago. I said supply change since merge 10,750 ETH. That's actually now 9900 ETH, right? But if the supply change since merge was done on the proof, sorry, since merge, if Ethereum was still a proof of work network, it would be 304,130 ETH. Let's do the simulate power here. It would still be 309,000 even with the extra burn. So you can see what's happened here. The power issuance has still gone up, right? Even with that burn that we've seen, but the pos issuance is going down now. Now we're under 10,000 ETH. And this is an effective 96.5% reduction in issuance. You know, and the merge what, over three weeks ago now? It's crazy. It's absolutely crazy. Like when I look at these numbers, I'm still in utter disbelief about it because it's not just a theory anymore. It's actually playing out in practice. And of course, people have been going on about, oh, the price isn't doing anything. Oh, you know, the price is going down. Oh, this doesn't mean anything. And my only response really, I mean, if I had to give one response and I've said this countless times on the refill, demand is just as important as supply, if not more important. It doesn't matter if the supply for your thing is zero. For example, every single house in the world, I mean, you could argue that is unique, right? They're not fungible. And a house is an NFT. So to speak, a physical NFT, it's a non fungible thing. It doesn't matter if there's houses that have been built the same as apartments that have been built the same. They're all unique in their own way, right? So when you look at it like that, it's only worth what someone's willing to pay for it. And if there's no demand, well, then no one's going to, and you have to keep dropping the price to get to the price that people want to pay for it, right? But if you have a thing that you've created yourself, say you create a new trading card game, you have like a hundred trading cards and you say, Hey, this is cool trading card game I created. I'm going to sell for a hundred bucks for that. You can get these hundred cards for a hundred dollars. Who's going to buy it? Like you can be, you can say, wow, there's only a hundred of these that will ever exist. It'll cost you a hundred dollars and it's limited edition. It's like, okay, well, who are you? Like who cares that it's limited edition? Like you just created these trading cards. Like why would anyone care about them? Right? So if there's no demand, it's not worth a hundred dollars. It's worth zero dollars, right? So you can put whatever price you want on a, on a scarce asset, but if no one's actually paying that price, it's not worth that price. I never traded at that price. So it is a fugazi, so to speak, right? It's an imaginary, it doesn't exist. So the similar concept applies here where, okay, yes, the price has been stagnant, but that's because the demand is basically zero right now. We're in the depths of a bear market, but what happens when demand comes back? Like if he's still in demand, they still, we were buying eighth. It's just that right now it's not that much, right? I mean, it's pretty much near zero because of the depths of the bear market and the trader short term movements are just overpowering the investor movements right now. But as time goes on, you know, time heals markets, you know, time, like literally if anything heals markets, it's time. So as time goes on, this stuff starts playing out. And I've talked about this countless times. I'm not going to rant on here, but I just wanted to make, make that kind of like a point because it's, it's the longterm game here, guys. So when the man comes back, instead of having an extra, you know, over 300,000 ETH that may or may not have been sold already, and that is going to be sold into the market because the market's heating back up, the mind is like, yeah, let's sell, right? That's not going to happen. And even if withdrawals were enabled, there would only be less than 10,000 ETH available, new ETH available to be sold from the issuance, which is nothing. When you look at the trading volume of Ethereum, the natural demand of Ethereum of ETH, I should say so. So yeah, when people say that, I'm always just like, well, I mean, I'm just going to keep stacking. Like you don't have to stack. I'll keep stacking because I don't think this is going to last forever. And I do think that obviously right now we're in just an extremely low demand period. And that, as I said, it's not going to last forever, but anyway, I'm going to leave it at that. You can go check out ultrasound money's website, obviously to check out all the, I guess, metrics and statistics around that. But last up here, I just wanted to give a quick shout out that there's also a pop. You can mint on the bottom of the ultrasound money website. There's only 1,559 of these things. And you're only eligible if you are the first 1,559 people with the most followers as part of the ultrasound fan, which is people who have the bat signal in their Twitter name. Only 378 of these have been claimed so far. So if you're eligible, definitely go claim it. It'll tell you if you're eligible, you connect your Twitter here and then you can claim it and, and whatever there. So definitely go check that out. You can go to ultrasound.money, scroll down to the bottom. That's going to be it for today's episode. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give me a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the disco channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.