 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Dan and he's his honor on today's the 11th of April 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So, I know I missed last Friday's Refuel, sorry about that everyone. I was just so exhausted, I hadn't been that tired in a long time. And it's because I had a big day and I got home and I'm like, wow, I don't think I can record the Refuel. So if I was to attempt to record it, it would have just been me slowing my word. So I wanted to save you guys from that, so apologies. But that means there's a lot to cover today. So you guys get a really exciting and possibly longer episode today. Two other things to go over as well. First one is I know that for a lot of you, the Refuel is coming out like two hours later than usual. Over the past like I think couple weeks. And that's because of daylight savings. So what happens is in April, or I guess like before April, I think in March, you know, daylight savings changes in the US and then in April changes in Australia and then Europe as well. I'm not sure on the exact dates there, but it basically means that for six months of the year, the Refuel comes out, you know, two hours later than it did for the previous six months until about October. So I'm not sure on the exact dates, but I think October is when it kind of goes back to normal. So for me, it's still the same time. I uploaded it every night at 12.30 AM my time. And I'm just going to keep that schedule. But yeah, that means there'll be a kind of like a two-hour difference depending on what six months of the year that we're in. So that's that there. And the last thing is that Amsterdam is happening. It's very, very soon I'm flying out Friday. So there will be a Refuel on Friday that I'll try and record earlier in the day and then kind of like just have it, have it go live on. While I'm probably on the planes, I schedule it out there. But it does mean that I, look, I've discussed this with you guys before. I'm going to try and not have it go by, like have two weeks go by without a single kind of like update from here about without a single Refuel. I'm going to try and record as much as I can. But there definitely won't be one every day. And the newsletter is probably going to be even harder to keep up with. So there probably won't be one every day there either. But I'm definitely going to go in to try as hard as I can. But the thing is my Amsterdam, my Dev Connect is already packed. I have so many things I'm speaking with, so many kind of like people to meet up with, so much stuff happening already. And it's kind of like half a holiday for me as well since I'm going to be bringing my fiance with me. So yeah, I just don't feel like I'm going to have much free time to do the Refuel, which we've already discussed before. So I won't rehash there. So yeah, anyway, other than that, I think that that's basically it for now. We can jump into the news. So just wanted to give a quick shout out here to Altcoin Daily. I joined them and recorded two separate videos with them. One of them that is live now. So in case you haven't seen this, this one was all about the merge. Now, Altcoin Daily has a lot more subscribers than the Daily Guay has. They have over a million subscribers. And I noticed that since this video went live, there's been a lot of new subscribers to the Daily Guay. So welcome to all of you. But this video basically went over the merge, you know, pretty much, I mean, if you'd be listening to the Refuel for a while, it would be nothing new to you. But I was still very excited to record with them, record with the guys there and basically reach a wider audience than I otherwise would have. And there's a second video going out soon that's all about layer twos as well on Ethereum, so on their channel too. So very excited. They gave me the opportunity to record videos about two of the things that I think are the most important Ethereum right now, which is the merge and layer twos. But yeah, if you want to watch this, it'll be linked in the YouTube description. But as I said, it's probably going to be nothing new to all of you, but it will make you bullish. So if you're feeling a little bit bearish lately because the price has gone down, I know that at time of recording, we're hovering around 3K and everyone's like, oh my God, are we going back down again back into the 2000s? I don't know, right? Like obviously, I don't know where it's going to go in the short term. But if you do want to get back on the bullish train, these videos are for you there. But anyway, lots of other stuff to talk about. Our first up here is the merge. There's been plenty of merge updates over the last like four days. It's been crazy. So basically what we've had happened today and just a few hours ago was this main net shadow fork. Now I've spoken about shadow forks before and how they were kind of like test nets being shadow forked for the merge. And basically what that was is copying over the existing kind of like test net or the state and everything and merging it, shadow forking and emerging it on a fork as it would be merged on main net. So this is basically the closest that we will be able to get to testing a kind of like real life scenario of how a merge would look on one of these real networks that have been live for a while. And today we did the big one. We did a main net shadow fork, which as I said, just got activated. There was a tweet thread here from Parathos you can check out in order to see all the details here and see what happened. It seems to have gone really well actually. Seems to be only minor kind of like issues with it and minor bugs, which will obviously be squashed. But yeah, it doesn't seem to be anything majorly wrong with this at this point, which is very, very cool to see. But yeah, I think talking about the merge, the number one question I've been getting lately is around timing of the merge. Now I've been warning you guys for months that June was always a target window. It was not something that was concrete. I remember I probably said that I was pretty confident in June as long as these test nets came back all green. Now we know with the kiln test net, there was actually a major bug with that happened on Prism side I believe that if it happened on main net would have actually been pretty bad. And there's been other bugs found and things like that. That's why we do these test nets. But I mean, I've seen people say, oh, the merge is going to get delayed because of this, blah, blah, blah. Look, guys, I hate using the word delay because I don't think that anyone ever gave like an actual date for this. As I've said plenty of times before, it's always just been a window of time. But, you know, I mean, I'll just break the news here and from what I'm seeing, June is definitely not happening anymore. Like that's basically a 0% chance now, which means that I think at this point, we're going to have to have two separate forks. We're going to have to have the one that pushes back the difficulty bomb, which goes live in July and one for the merge. Now, when is the merge going to come? Well, it's so hard to tell guys. Like I could say to you guys, oh, I think it's going to come in like August and then maybe it comes in October. I don't know. I still think, you know, it's near certain that it's happening this year. I don't think it's going to be pushed out the next year or anything like that. But it's just very, very hard to give any accurate kind of like timing. And the window before the June window was based on the difficulty bomb. You know, that was just a target that the core developers gave themselves in order to push them towards it. And, you know, obviously they've been working very, very hard. But, you know, the testnets found those bugs, right? And there's not much more that can be done other than fix the bugs, right? It's not like they can kind of like rush through this. So there's that happening there. But there's also a thread here from Christine Kim, who basically summarized the last consensus layer call that happened on the 7th of April. And this basically went through a lot of this sort of stuff, like the shadow forking, the timelines and stuff and sort of stuff like that. And then, you know, Christine said here that today they're all doing the main net shadow fork, which happens. In terms of timing, I think there's a meeting happening on Friday to determine some more, some kind of like timing around, kind of around what's happening with regards to the merge. Again, timing is always going to be extremely difficult. Take away the grain of salt. The way I look at the merge is the same way I looked at something like ERP1559. It's ready when it's ready. I mean, think about ERP1559, all right? Think all the way back to that. If you were around since when it first got proposed, which was in early 2019, it took two and a half years to get to main net. Does anyone talk about the fact that it was quote unquote delayed plenty of times or that it took forever? Does anyone even talk about ERP1559 anymore? No, they don't, right? Like hardly anyone does. Yet we're still burning ETH every single block. It's still doing its job of smoothing out the gas fees. It's still doing its job of providing that base fee oracle for different use cases. And no one even remembers that it was, you know, delayed for a certain period of time or it came later than they expected. Same thing is going to happen with the merge. Same thing is going to happen with every single other Ethereum upgrade. This is, as I've said before, the curse part of working out in the open is that everyone expects everything to go fine, when in reality, it doesn't a lot of the time. Like when teams work in a closed environment, they are doing this sorts of stuff all the time. They're missing their own internal kind of like target windows. They're missing their own internal kind of timelines. They're kind of like having to fix bugs, all this sort of stuff. This happens in every single industry that involves software, especially the video game industry. It happens a lot there. There's plenty of delays in the video game industry from what they set themselves to try and complete there. But there's a famous quote from Shigeru Miyamoto from Nintendo, who basically said, you know, a rushed game is bad forever, but a delayed game isn't or something like that. I don't know the exact quote, but basically the gist of it is, if we were to rush out the merge and something was to go catastrophically wrong, that would be a permanent mark on Ethereum and that'd be pretty bad. Short term, it'd be catastrophic. It'd be very, very bad. Long term, I don't think it would be that bad. But it would still be a mark against that it would have a lot of negative first and second order effects. But the delays don't. I feel like the market doesn't even care about these sorts of stuff. The market is not that efficient. So I think that even if the merge was to happen in December of this year, like as kind of like one of the worst case scenarios, I really do not think the market would care. Because as I said before, guys, the merge isn't actually anything for end users at the end of the day. It's laying the groundwork for the stuff that's coming for the end users. And obviously, we need to get it done so we can work on the other upgrades. But I don't know, I just feel like the market is not going to price any of these sort of stuff in because I don't believe it's pricing in the bull case either. Like the merge is going to happen and there is obviously a massive bull case behind the merge. But I don't believe the market is pricing that in. And I don't actually believe in the efficient market hypothesis. I believe markets are incredibly inefficient and that's the way you get alpha out of them. And yeah, I mean, when thinking about kind of like timelines and stuff like that, the market is not going to price that in. But yeah, that's I think covers most of the stuff that happened with the merge. I'll let you guys know like if I see anything more around timelines. But as I said, like June 0% chance, July, it's a coin toss, August, you know, chance is a lot higher. But it could push out even later than that. It just depends what happened to these testnets. As I've said time and time again, it always depends on what happens with the testnets. The developers, the researchers do not want to attempt the merge if there are still bugs, right? If there are still especially major bugs, it's just not worth it at the end of the day. So do keep that in mind. And on that note, Marius linked to a few resources to monitor this Shadow Fork of Ethereum on that I'll link in the YouTube description for you to check out. And there was another thread from Parathosia, you know, talking about the state of testing the merge, which is obviously the effort that's undergoing right now. And you can kind of like check out this thread for a description of that. Speaking of, I guess, actually, I should talk about this first. Speaking of things that have to do with the Beacon Chain, SuperFizz shared a collection of dashboard showing interesting data about the Ethereum Beacon Chain. Now, there's a few things in here that I saw that I really want to share with you guys. First thing and what I shared last week was the fact that Prism usage is below that 66% threshold that we wanted it to be below, according to pools.invis.cloud. But according to a different website here, which I believe is on one of these websites, I can't remember exactly which one it was. This one here, clientdiversity.org says that Prism is only at 56%, right? So it's lower than 62% there. And this other dashboard, I think, also shows a kind of like similar number there. So it's come down considerably. Now, rater.network shows the distribution of pools here. You can see that according to rater.network, Coinbase is down to only 77% Prism usage. You recall that that was 95%, I believe, at peak. It has come down so quickly, guys. This, to me, is just such an exciting thing because of the fact that we did it, right? We did it as a community. We were able to move the needle in a really big way on client diversity. And this is really one of the most beautiful things about the Ethereum community. Do you see any other community caring about stuff like this? This is directly impacting decentralization and security of the chain. Do you see any of the other chains that tend to espouse that they care about decentralization working towards any of this? None of their communities ever talk about that. Do you see, for example, the Solana community ever bringing up the fact that 20 or 21 of the nodes on Solana could have 33% of the network, which means that they could take the network offline? I see no one talking about this, right? If you do, tell me, but I don't see anyone talking about that. Same with a lot of the other ecosystems out there. I'm not trying to pick on Solana, but a lot of the other ones that have these centralization vectors, I do not see anyone talking about this. Whereas in Ethereum, we're always talking about this. There was a massive effort behind this to get people to kind of like switch off the supermajority client in order to further decentralize out the beacon chain. And it worked. That's the most amazing thing. It worked. It wasn't just in vain. We actually made it work. So you can probably hear the excitement in my voice, but this is what gets me the most excited about Ethereum. This is what keeps me in Ethereum. This is what a lot of people do not get about Ethereum and what's so special about it. We don't just talk the talk. We walk the walk. We actually do what we say. We actually keep the network decentralized or at least try to as much as possible. We don't just look at things and be like, oh, yeah, that's whatever. Who cares? Oh, yeah, we're decentralized. We don't just say things. We do things. And I find that to be incredibly special and something that we need to really work hard on preserving in the Ethereum community. And I think, as I said, that's what a lot of people miss. They just think that, oh, you're an EthMatsy because you have EthBags and all you care about is Ethereum because of it. No. And I've said time and time again that the number one reason I care about Ethereum has nothing to do with my EthBags. And it has everything to do with the fact that I most resonate with the Ethereum vision, mission, its values, everything. And I feel like we're just doing it the best out of any other ecosystem. You know, not even the Bitcoin community talks about decentralization as much as Ethereum does. I mean, maybe they talk about it a lot, but they don't really do much about it in my mind. So I think that, you know, Ethereum, improving the big and chain client diversity here is one of the most bullish things that I've seen happen in the Ethereum ecosystem. And I'm just so incredibly excited. And on top of that, I'm just super excited about watching the validated queue as well. It's hung around like 14,000. It goes down and then goes back up. There's just an insatiable hunger to stake Eth right now, which is just crazy. So I love seeing that as well. And speaking of super fizz, he had another tweet out here today where he basically said, you know, ways you might help to decentralize Ethereum. Run an execution client, preferably a minority one such as Geth, Basu, and Eragon or Nevermind. Configure Metamask to use your local node, to change your RPC to use your local node. Run your own consensus client if you have the ability to do so. So if you have the necessary Eth to do so. And get away from centralized staking providers, SolarStake if you can, again. So all really great things. But again, this goes back to me saying that plenty of people in this ecosystem that give a shit about Ethereum actually being decentralized. So very, very cool. I guess thanks to super fizz for putting this tweet out and reminding us all about that. All right. And I guess like a related note here, Sam Richards from the Ethereum.org team has shared a fresh preview of an upcoming staking resource on the Ethereum.org website. So you can check this out here. We'll link to the YouTube description. But this basically runs through how to stake your Eth, what are the differences between the different staking solutions, what are the pros and cons, all that sort of information there in one easy to replace. This is obviously a great resource. It's going to improve over time. I definitely and highly recommend checking it out. And I'll link this in the YouTube description for you to do so. But yeah, the more information we have, the better. And especially on highly visible websites like Ethereum.org, I think it's very, very important to have that there. But yeah, super exciting stuff from the Ethereum.org website here. Okay, Dom, Domothy here shared a really interesting tweet where he was basically able to work out the exact amount, maybe not the exact amount, but basically the amount of gwe that would be needed at each validator kind of like count in order for Eth to be deflationary post merge. Now, I've spoken about this before where I've said that the kind of like the issuance is coming down so much based on kind of like the current staked Eth by 80, 90% or something like that. And then we have 1,559 burning Eth, that Eth will always be 100% deflationary post merge every single block. Now, for that to be true going forward, with 350,000 validators, which we're almost there, we would need a 14.1 gwe average kind of like, sorry, minimum gas price here, which is very easily doable. We're pretty much at or above that all the time. At 500,000 validators, it's only 16.9 gwe that we would need. And then in a million validators, it's only 23.9 gwe. So it's not like from 500,000 to a million, it doubles. It's not like we would need 34 gwe to do this. We only need, you know, 23.9 and a million validators. And a million validators is 32 million Eth staked, which is a crazy amount of Eth staked, right? Imagine all that Eth being locked up there. But I thought this is a really great way to visualize it because I do expect gwe to always be like above at least 10 from now on. Above 20 seems pretty standard as well, like most of the time. So even if we get up to a million validators where 32 million Eth is staked, and if our minimum gas price is above 24 gwe here or around about that, we would be still net deflationary with all that Eth locked up, not to mention all the Eth locked up in DeFi, and not to mention the kind of strong narrative that follows that and all that sort of stuff. Like, it's just crazy when you think about it. So very, very cool that Dom shared this here. And he's also shared kind of like how he actually worked it out, the math behind it if you care about that. Just something I wanted to highlight for you guys as I thought it was quite interesting. Alright, so Polina has been talking a lot about this kind of, I guess, I don't know if it's completely new construction, but something that has just been getting more attention lately called enshrined rollups. So basically what enshrined rollups are is, I mean, as the name implies, they're basically rollups that don't technically sit at layer two, they sit at layer one, and they're basically directly integrated with the Beacon Chain in Ethereum's case. And some of the advantages of that would be no smart contract bug risk as there are no smart contracts. The rollups and bridges are built into the protocol itself. No governance compromise risk, same as above. No risk of malicious upgrades by an external governance or token. Accumulative security. All MEVM fees accrue to one asset, that asset being Eth, maximizing the security of the protocol. Minimum fragmentation because all enshrined rollups are identical, though there may or may not be different execution environments. Can still be permissionless, so obviously anyone can deploy them here. And then there's a bunch of other benefits here. And I guess Polyner's TLDR is that enshrined rollups have exactly the same assumptions of the base protocol, with no external risks that Polyner can think of. This is also why Polyner dislikes the L2 tag, as clearly enshrined rollups are just part of the L1. Rollups transcend L2 in the various forms. And there's a bunch more information here about enshrined rollups. Now, enshrined rollups, in terms of who's experimenting with them, I think the Tezos ecosystem is, and I actually think the Cardano ecosystem is even thinking about toying with this. But in terms of getting this onto Ethereum itself, it would have to go through the Ethereum layer 1 governance process, which is obviously a very short process. So don't expect this to come to Ethereum for maybe two or three years, I guess, or something like that. If it ever does. I think there are advantages here, and it's really cool, but at the same time, there are disadvantages. And those disadvantages would be the fact that, as Polyner says here, the permissionless innovation would be very slow, as upgrades would go through the governance process, e.g. the EIP process and the forks. But the good news is that regular independent rollups built with smart contracts will continue to harmoniously coexist with enshrined rollups. Enstrined rollups wouldn't supersede or replace the normal rollups that we're used to. They would just be another option for people to use. Now, as I said, they're probably not going to come for a while. By that point, people probably won't even care to have enshrined rollups. It'll just be having the rollups that we know and love, and it'll all be well and good by that point. But still, I think it's still cool to pay attention to the ecosystems that are experimenting with this. As I said, Tezos is, and possibly Cardano as well, which is funny after all the shit that I've given Cardano. Gotta give them props there if they're experimenting with something novel like this. But yeah, that's something you'll be hearing about a lot lately. Sorry, a lot going forward, like enshrined rollups and things like that, as they're kind of a pretty cool idea. But as I said, I don't expect them to come into the Ethereum protocol for quite a while, because we have much more other, much other up, sorry, much more important other upgrades to come, such as sharding, statelessness, state expiry, vertical trees, all that sort of stuff. And maybe we get enshrined rollups eventually one day in some other kind of upgrade, but we'll have to see how that plays out there. But don't expect them anytime soon. Still cool to learn about them and know that they exist. All right, so I put out a tweet, when was this, April 9th, where I said, Figuring out how to sustainably fund public goods in the crypto ecosystem with large amounts of money could one day lead us to abolishing nation states and the taxes that come with them. Always be thinking bigger. Now, the reason I put this out is because I kind of like thought a lot about public goods in general and kind of like how they play into the real world, not just in crypto, but just in the real world. And when you think about it, taxes are a way to fund public goods. I mean, they are the main way to fund a nation state's public goods. But taxes are a funny business because taxes is not a voluntary thing like a lot of the time. Unless you choose to live in a certain country, which a lot of people don't have the choice of moving where they're born in, you basically have to pay the taxes. The taxes are a debt that you will never be able to get out of. You will be thrown in jail if you don't pay your taxes. So from that point of view, they are kind of like forced on the individual, right? I'm not someone who thinks that taxes are theft, so to speak. I think that they're necessary, obviously, for a functioning nation state. There are obviously different countries and nation states that have different tax laws and different ways of doing tax. Some have no capital gains tax. Some have really high capital gains tax. A lot of countries have a very high income tax. Obviously, the richer you are, the more tax you will pay, stuff like that. But in terms of like alternative funding sources, within crypto, we don't have a tax, right? There is no, at least within Ethereum, there is no block reward that goes towards funding public goods, right? Most of our funding of public goods is done through Gitcoin and done through other similar initiatives. And obviously, we have Trent Van Epps setting up his protocol guilds and stuff like that, and we have donations and stuff going on. But we don't force people to do it. For example, we don't kind of like take people's ETH from them and direct it towards public goods. That would actually be theft, right? And there's no social contract that exists that if you enter the Ethereum ecosystem, you will pay a tax. Some people say, oh, the fees are a tax. No, the fees are not a tax, right? The fee is the service fee that you're paying. It's the cost of using the Ethereum network, and it's not a tax, right? I mean, you could argue that the taxes are a cost of living in a modern society, but that's kind of like a different kind of thing there. It's different to a fee. So in saying that, how do we do this? How do we scale this up? Well, I don't have the answer here. I know there's a lot of smart people working on this sort of stuff, a lot of people that spend their full time in this ecosystem working on how to sustainably do this. And I think that if we do find a way to scale up public goods funding from crypto into the real world in a sustainable manner, we could one day abolish nation states, literally. And we could one day abolish the taxes that come with them, and we could create a very harmonious, I guess, public goods funding system that doesn't force anyone into giving up their money, doesn't make anyone feel like they don't want to contribute. It makes them want to contribute. It makes them want to be involved with it. People see the benefit and the net benefit of funding public goods as a collective, and we could just lead to a, I guess, better world and better kind of like positioned society. Now, getting rid of nation states is obviously not something that's going to happen anytime soon. But I do think that if we take the like 100-year kind of view here, I do think that we're at a tipping point in society right now where the nation state is declining. And it's going to take a while for it to decline to a point where we have barely any. It's probably going to take 100 years or something like that. But I do think the nation state peaked recently. I think it peaked pre-COVID. And then once COVID happened, once all that stuff that came with it happened, once, you know, globalization is such like a strong force now, and the ease of kind of like moving around, especially from people kind of like they can work from home, it's just never been easier to do that. I think the nation state is going to be in decline for a long time now, especially as, you know, certain governments are abusing their powers and stuff like that, especially, as I said, during COVID. It's just all to me looking like we need alternative systems. And we have them in crypto. We just need to scale them for the outside of crypto world. We need to be able to fund things. And Bitcoin does this, right? They fund non-crypto public goods. But we need to scale this up 10,000, 100,000 million X from where it is today before we can think about obviously supplanting nation states and the taxes that come with the nation states. But I do truly believe that one day we could get there. This is probably going to only happen. Maybe I won't be alive to see this happen. But I do think this technology can empower that and can enable that. So I'm very, very excited to see how that evolves over time. But at the same time, it's not going to happen anytime soon. Nation states, governments, people, they move very, very slow in large groups, decades, if not centuries. But as I said, I do believe that the nation state peaked over the last few years. And I don't see nation states getting much bigger than or any bigger from where they are today. I think we're going to see declines. We're going to see changing world orders, which is not, you know, I'm not the only one saying this. And I've learned this from a lot of other people as well. I didn't come up with this, but I do buy into that. I do buy into the fact that the world is going to change dramatically in the coming decades. And I think that crypto is going to be at the forefront of that, especially around public goods funding. All right, so speaking of Protocol Guild and public goods funding, Trent Van Epps has put out a proposal to Lido as one of the first projects that he's put out a proposal to fund the Protocol Guild out of its treasury. Now, there's been a bit of back and forth here and kind of like some people are against that. Some people are for it. You see Hazu in here, who's a big Lido backer, obviously, you know, big name in the community. They're supportive of this proposal. Victor Boonen here as well, who used to work at Bison Trails, now works at Coinbase, is in favor of it. And I think there's a bit of a pushback here from people. I don't know if people deleted their pushback or maybe there was another post. But I did see a pushback from people saying, you know, maybe we shouldn't do this, you know, I don't know anything about this, you know, why are you asking for money? Actually, I think it wasn't from the Lido, sorry, it was from the Curve Proposal. So Trent Van Epps also posted this to Curve's forum and there was pushback from them as well. So it's just funny how different communities have different views here. But the point is to kind of like reach out to every single community that has like a treasury with their project and approach them and say, hey, you know, let's direct some of this to the protocol. The protocol guild and get public goods funded. So you can read this proposal, I'll link it in the YouTube description below. But very, very cool to see Trent starting to do this with different treasuries out there. All right, so Gitpop is finally live here. So they're memorializing software contributions as pops to help usher in a new era of Web3. Bringing these records of achievement on chain enables an ecosystem of applications powered by decentralized reputation and identity. Now, this is basically what I'm most excited about when it comes to the Gitpop is working towards decentralizing reputation and identity. This right here is one of, if not the most important things in crypto. And it doesn't get enough attention. It definitely doesn't get enough attention. Reason. Do we have good ways to do on-chain governance today? No. All the on-chain governance systems that exist today are absolutely horrible. I am extremely bearish on layer one on-chain governance systems. I don't think they can ever work, but I do think that governance systems around like DeFi protocols and stuff like that can work. But they need good Sybil resistant mechanisms. That's where decentralized reputation and identity come into things. Because right now, it's very easy for anyone to kind of just like spin up Ethereum addresses. They've got no idea or reputation attached to them. And they can act in any which way they want. Whereas if you had a proper idea and reputation system that was actually decentralized, you could be able to filter out individuals based on that. You wouldn't have to kind of like worry about being Sybil resistant because that would be your Sybil resistance. And this also plays a big part in decentralized social media. How do you scale that out? How do you prevent that from being gamed? Like especially if there's rewards to be had. Steemit, which is a very popular decentralized social media platform for a while, had a very big issue here where essentially the website was just overrun by bots and whales gaming the entire rewards system. And that's because there was no Sybil resistant mechanism. But if we kind of like have tools like Gitpowapp, we can work towards decentralized reputation and identity systems to enable that. So very, very, very cool. But essentially what Gitpowapp allows you to do is basically mintpowapps to your kind of contributors to your project. So say you have like a GitHub project, an open source project, and you have contributors, you can mintpowapps, send that to them on chain and basically allow them to have proof that they contributed to this project. And that they're like, you know, they're kind of like a real human. And there's a bunch of launch partners here, such as Truffle Suite, Gitcoin, PoP itself, ethereum.org, all that sort of stuff. And if you were a contributor to them, you could actually go and mint your Gitpowapp here, which is very, very cool. There's a bit more information about the platform as well here in this thread. So just wanted to kind of like highlight why I think decentralized reputation and identity systems are so important and so critical to, I guess, like the health of this ecosystem going forward. And I think just not enough people talk about it. So just wanted to highlight that there, but I'll link this in the YouTube description for you to check out. All right. So Alchemix has a new announcement today. They have announced something called ELIXA, which is the Alchemix Algorithmic Market Operator, or AMO for short. So there's a blog post here basically describing what ELIXA is. So the tale here is that the Alchemix ELIXA is a contract inspired by Frax's algorithmic market operator. The AMO allows them to expand and contract the supply of Frax in LP pools with Frax3 CRV LP being the most predominant. They mint and deposit Frax when the token price is above their peg, withdraw and burn Frax when the token price is below their peg. They also farm with the LP and convex earning the protocol income in the process. So basically, Alchemix is taking this design and applying it to their own protocol here, which should be really, really cool for the protocol. In general, should generate more revenue, should get it more for more growth. There is the Alchemix AMO kind of like flowchart here. So you can basically see how this all works under the hood. It gets quite technical. It's very DeFi, right, if you want to kind of like use that term. But I'm excited for this. I'm excited for more innovation and experimentation within DeFi, especially after the kind of like failed DeFi 2.0 thing we had, which is really just like Ponzi's and Algo stablecoins galore. So I'm just excited to see actual innovation happening here. So go read this blog post. I'll link it in the description for you below. All right. Finally, here we had Polygon announced at the launch of something called Polygon Village, which is a full stack ecosystem for devs to build and grow. This is where dapps get all the help required in building on Polygon and getting access to all the resources that they need. So this website here you can see has a bunch of resources on it, what they offer, grants, accelerators, job boards, bounty boards, all that good stuff there. So if you're looking to build on Polygon within Web3, definitely give this website a peruse. It's got a lot of information here. Very excited to see this. And this is just another thing that Polygon is doing. Man, they're doing a lot, like crazy. I can't even keep up with all of them that they're doing anymore. It's just an absolutely amazing kind of like initiative here. You get into their Discord up the top here if you want to kind of like talk to a bunch of like-minded individuals. But yeah, I'll link that in the YouTube description as usual. But I think on that note, that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.