 Hello everyone, welcome to another episode of the Deligay Refuel, where I recap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, the Anthony Cesano, and it is the 30th of August, 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So just a heads up that there will be no refuel tomorrow, tomorrow being Wednesday and Friday. It is my fiancé's 30th birthday on Thursday, so we're going to be doing some stuff to celebrate. So I unfortunately won't have the time to do the refuel on Wednesday or Friday. So we'll do a refuel on Thursday, but then Monday's refuel will cover Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Well, technically it will cover like Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. So yeah, look forward to a possibly or probably extended refuel on Monday. But yeah, just keep in mind there won't be one on Wednesday or Friday, but there will be on Thursday. Anyway, we have the official announcement from, I guess, like the Ethereum Foundation Twitter account about the mainnet merge. Now, obviously this came out about a week ago, but this was shared by the Ethereum Foundation Twitter account just today. And it's got a few things in here that I think I haven't covered yet. So I think I've covered it, but just worth kind of like reminding people. The Ballotrix upgrade, which is for the Beacon Chain for the Consensus Lay is scheduled for September 6th. Now, this is not the merge. I've seen some people get confused about this and think that this Ballotrix upgrade is the merge. It's a separate upgrade or separate hard fork for the Beacon Chain in order to get it ready for the merge, which is obviously happening around September 15th. The second thing is timing. So I just said, you know, the merge is happening around September 15th. That is the time that's been thrown around. But there is a kind of like wide range it can happen between. And you can see here the official post gives the range between the 10th and the 28th of September. We don't actually know the exact date simply because of the fact that it's based on TTD and not block time. Two of the websites that you can use to track the merge, sorry, the merge timing is bordell.wtf, which you guys are probably familiar with. I've talked about it a bunch here. This is saying that the merge is scheduled to happen on September 15th at around 2.40 a.m. UTC. And sorry, between 2.40 a.m. UTC and 12.23 p.m. UTC. Then there's this other website called 797.io slash the merge, which is actually saying that it's going to occur on September 14th at 1.43 p.m. UTC. Now, why the discrepancy? Well, because of TTD, it's based on hash rate. And obviously, estimating out based on hash rate is not going to give us a precise answer. And you can see here that actually the Ethereum hash rate went up over the last, I guess, couple of days. And this might account for that, I guess, like acceleration towards that TTD and it happening on September 14th or at least kind of like estimated to happen on September 14th instead of 15th. And I mean, this is kind of like a really noisy chart, but the hash rate did go up, right? And I mean, I don't suspect that this is new miners coming online or anything like that. It's probably miners switching off other networks. Coming back to Ethereum, I saw that the ETC, Ethereum Classic Hash Rate, actually doubled. And I guess that's just miners trying to kind of go to that network because the price went up a little bit of ETC and kind of get some profits there. But if the price goes down, then it becomes more profitable to mine Ethereum, then they just go back to Ethereum, right? So the profitability of mining obviously varies from day to day, basically. And that's why you see this variation in hash rate. So I think this would explain the reason why it's sped up a bit here. And if more hash rate joins, it will speed it up even more. And that's why it's very, very hard to estimate exactly when it's going to happen because hash rate can drop off as well, which would push it out. So, yeah, I mean, we've got a TDD set. The hash rate shouldn't vary too much. It should happen around September 15th. But don't be surprised if it happens, you know, a few days later or a few days earlier. It's just par for the course with this sort of stuff. I mean, I don't think we're going to get in a situation where it doesn't happen for a while because all these miners have dropped off and we've pushed out to October or something. I don't foresee that happening. But there definitely will be variation based on this, the kind of like hash rate kind of coming and leaving as it normally does. And just depending on kind of what's more profitable. I mean, if ETC, for example, was to double in price in the next week, well, you'd expect a lot of hash rate to leave Ethereum and go to the Ethereum Classic chain to level it out in terms of profitability. But if ETC was to fall by 50% over the next week or something, then you would expect hash rate to come to Ethereum. So as I said, it's hard to kind of gauge this because of the fact that hash rate is notoriously volatile. But that's why there is a discrepancy between Baudel and this other website, 797. Just wanted to point that out there because I saw some people on Twitter confused about it today. So yeah, I mean, as we get closer to the merge, it'll be easier to estimate this stuff. Well, as we get closer to TTD, I should say. But yeah, I mean, we're still a couple of weeks out here. So it's difficult to get a very accurate reading, but it's still expected around September 15th there. All right, so Prismatic Labs has published a blog post called everything node operators need to prepare for the Ethereum merge. So if you are a solo staker, node operator, whatever you want to call yourselves, you should definitely give this a read just to make sure that you are ready for the merge. I've talked about the merge readiness checklist before. I've talked about some of the things that you are required to do, such as making sure you're running a local execution layer client, making sure your JWT token is set, your fee recipient is set. And I guess like optionally making sure you have an MEV boost sidecast running alongside your validators, because if you want to capture MEV, that's the way to do so. But yeah, you can go check out this blog post from Prismatic Labs here. Specifically for Prism, obviously, just to make sure that you haven't missed anything. And you can also check out the merge readiness checklist as I've talked about before. All right, so the EF ecosystem support program shared today about the merge data challenge, which I talked about, I believe a few days ago, which is offering up to $30,000 in prizes for data visualizations, analysis and new tools to I guess, like communicate the mountain of data the merge will produce. So you can get all the details from this blog post on the merge data challenge. And if you are a data wizard, maybe you have been making doing analytics dashboards, or maybe you've been playing around with Nansen, you should definitely have a go at this. I mean, as I said, there are prizes up to US $30,000 USD here. And you know, that's more money for ETH, right? So you should definitely give it a go if you are used to kind of making visualizations and working with Ethereum data, of course. And if you do, if you do make these things, feel free to share them in the daily grade grade discord channel. I always love checking out new dinner and doing analytics dashboards Hill Dobby actually shares his from time to time, which I really appreciate. I've shouted him out on the refill a bunch of times because he makes great dashboards. But yeah, feel free to always jump in there and share them with me and with the community. I always love seeing that sorts of stuff. I love checking out the data. I mean, I guess like a long time daily grade watches will know that I used to do a data series called the daily grade data pump. And I don't think I've done an episode of that for quite a while now. And also the AMA series, man, I've been lazy there. But maybe I'll get back to that soon. But yeah, if you do have any dashboards you want to share with us, definitely jump into the discord and share it. But have a go at this data challenge because the prizes are very juicy. All right, so there's been a lot of chatter recently, and I've talked about it a lot too, about how layer twos, I guess sapping activity away from layer one, right? And that's what we want to see. We want to see users migrating from layer one to layer two, because at the end of the day, these low gas prices are not going to last forever. I fully expect layer one gas prices to probably not go back to up to like hundreds of gwei, but probably, you know, 40, 50 gwei. I fully expect those average gas prices to come back once the bull market comes back, you know, in earnest. And because of that, you want to be on layer twos before that happens. So you don't have to pay the, I guess, extra fees to onboard into layer twos. But I think more people are waking up to this now. You can see here in this tweet shared of a picture of optimism and arbitrant transactions over the last 30 days. They've been averaging around 300,000 per day, which is 25% of the Ethereum mainnet, which is awesome to see. Now, there is a bit of nuance here that I want to talk about. The Ethereum mainnet, and this all kind of like pisses me off a lot when the Alt-L1 people do this. The Ethereum mainnet can only process a certain number of transactions based on the gas limit. So as you guys know, like different types of transactions use different amounts of gas, and the Ethereum gas limit is, you know, Ethereum has a certain gas limit that can go up and down. And because of that, essentially, there's only so many transactions we can fit into each block due to that gas limit. And then obviously, each day, which is the accumulation of all those blocks. So essentially, Ethereum is capped. Like it can't go any higher than that. And that's why fees go up, because we've reached the limit and fees will go up because people outbid each other to try and get into a block. Now, if all the transactions were, I mean, I think the average transactions for Ethereum is like 1.2, 1.3 million a day. But that's all different types of transactions. That's, you know, AMM swaps, that's money market stuff, that's NFTs, that's simple ETH transfers. But if all the transactions were just simple ETH transfers, which only cost 21,000 gas, it's actually the cheapest thing you can do on Ethereum. Then we would have more than 1.3 million, and we would have a lot more than that. But that's not the way the Ethereum network works. That's not the way any smart contract chain that has a fee market would logically work. So when comparing transactions per day from Ethereum mainnet to these layer twos, you really do need to realize that these layer twos are inherently going to be much more scalable than Ethereum layer one. And these other L1s are inherently going to be able to process more transactions than Ethereum layer one. Because most of the time, or pretty much all the time, they trade off decentralization for more scalability, right? They up their version of their gas limit, and they can process more transactions per day because of that. That's why I've always said that these kind of metrics are naive to take them on just face value. You need to take the metrics all together. And fee revenue is obviously one of my favorite metrics. But I think that that's going to prove to be a weak metric for layer twos post-proto-dank sharding, because of the fact that it's going to be so, so cheap for layer twos to put their core data on layer one, that their transactions are going to fall dramatically. And we're probably going to see an uptick in spam because of that, or an uptick in junk transactions, I guess you could call them, because of that. So you have to take it all as kind of like as a collective and measure users and number of users in different ways. In saying that, right now, while layer twos is still relatively expensive, they're not the cheapest they can be, they're not the most expensive they can be, they're kind of like in the middle, I think the per day transaction counts is still very accurate. So 300,000 per day, which is 25% of Ethereum for optimism and arbitrum, both the networks, is really, really cool. I love seeing that. Sorry, this is combined, not each of these networks are doing this, this is combined. And obviously, we have Arbitrum Odyssey going, sorry, Arbitrum Nitro going live tomorrow, as you can see, Steven Goldfeder reminding us here, which is going to increase the capacity of Arbitrum by about 10x, I believe. So they're going to restart Odyssey and I expect Arbitrum transactions to shoot up again. Optimism still has the Optimism summer that they're running with all the token incentives. And you know, both ecosystems are building out very nicely here. As I said, I think while transactions are still relatively expensive due to that relatively expensive call data, call data costs, it means that we can kind of look at this and have relative confidence that it's not junk or spam transactions, because it would cost too much to do that. So I'm looking forward to seeing these grow to millions of transactions per day on these kind of like layer two networks. It shows that there is still growth happening, that looking at layer one Ethereum is just really not the way to go anymore. And speaking of data, as I was speaking out before, I think that a lot of the dashboards that I've seen for growth are focused on only Ethereum layer one, which just seems nonsensical to me. They should be focused on Ethereum layer one and the layer twos, because at the end of the day, the layer twos are an extension of Ethereum layer one, they count towards Ethereum's activity, so we should be measuring them in aggregate. In saying that, we should also be more nuanced about it and look at what share of the layer one Ethereum network layer twos are taking up. Because as that continues to grow, we can see the migration happen in real time as well. But all in all, the migration is not going to happen overnight. It's going to take a certain period of time. There are going to be, I guess, like non-true layer twos, such as Arbitrum Nova, for example, and Immutable X, which, I mean, if you want to call a true layer two a roll up, Immutable X and Arbitrum Nova are not roll ups. The Polygon POS chain obviously is not a roll up. But those things kind of like work to scale Ethereum as well and kind of like work to scale the user base, because Arbitrum Nova is targeting more of those social gaming applications. There is Immutable X obviously targeting NFT and gaming. Polygon POS chain does a bit of everything. I think they're very much focused on NFTs and gaming, but they've also got a vibrant DeFi ecosystem. But as I said, they're not a roll up or a layer two or anything like that. But that can eventually be ported over to a zkvm or something once the technology is there. So it's just a lot more nuanced than looking at Ethereum layer one these days. And I just really hate when people look at Ethereum layer one and be like, hey, you know, Ethereum layer one transactions aren't growing. It's stagnant. That's like, well, because it can't like unless we raise the gas limit, there can't be an increase in transactions per day on Ethereum. That's why looking at fear of a new makes sense for a theorem. Layer one makes the most sense. If fear of a new is up, it means there's more demand to use the network. If fear of a new is down, it means there's less demand to use the network. But at the end of the day, the Ethereum network has been at capacity for years now. Even at the lowest gas prices, it's still at capacity. That's because Ethereum layer one is still a vibrant ecosystem. Lots of people still use it, whether the gas prices are low or high. And but in saying that, people are using these layer twos as well. So it's all just kind of like coming together as one big ecosystem. And we need to look at all the metrics across that to get a nice snapshot of what Ethereum activity looks like going forward. But yeah, living it at that for now. As I mentioned, Arbitrum Nitro goes live tomorrow. And Stephen Goldfeder here put out a tweet to use an airplane analogy. We've built a brand new engine to power L2. That's pretty cool, but only half the story. The Arbitrum one airplane is already in flight. Tomorrow we're swapping the engine midair. I mean, in terms of significance, I don't. Okay, I don't think the Arbitrum Nitro is as significant as the Ethereum merge, obviously. But if you take it as like a vacuum, Nitro is to Arbitrum one what the merge is to Ethereum. Like it's that big of an upgrade, I think. So I'm obviously very much looking forward to using Arbitrum straight after Nitro is live on the network. Because I want to experience all the improvements that have come to the network. I mean, Arbitrum is already great. Like I use a bunch of the different layer twos. I mean, I do use Arbitrum and Optimism a lot because they have the most bustling ecosystems. But I use all of them. I like to test them out, see what they're going for them, see what the UX is like. I mean, Arbitrum one's already great. It's fast. Their transactions aren't like layer one expensive. I mean, it's relative between Arbitrum and Optimism. But the costs are going to come down. Their scalability is going to go up. And I believe the security is going to go up as well, which is very, very cool. So looking forward to that happening tomorrow. As I said before, there's no refill tomorrow. So I'll be reporting on this on Thursday. So hopefully it is a successful migration there. All right. So speaking of Polygon, I think this was already announced that they were powering Facebook and Instagram's new NFT integration. But this is now live on Facebook and Instagram. So you can connect your wallet to either app and start sharing your NFTs today as Meta, which is Facebook and Instagram's parent company, says here. Now, I believe that the interface for this, I saw some screenshots of this. When you connect your wallet, it's kind of like, it just looks like a normal Web 3 app. Where is it? No, that's not a screenshot. I saw a screenshot before of being able to select a bunch of different wallets. There was like wallet connect in there, MetaMask. I can't remember what other wallets are in there, but that was really cool to see. I'm a halo from Polygon here. Basically, he said it's awesome to see Polygon powering this even more so because along the way, we understood that Meta is now aligned with the core Web 3 values. And we learned about their exciting plans for the future here. So if you want to read the full press release, you can. It'll be linked in the YouTube description below. But I think this is a pretty big deal, guys. Like we always talk about adoption and getting these big existing Web 2 companies to integrate with the Ethereum, I guess, chain and with not with the well, we are with the Ethereum chain, but with crypto more generally. And we want them using things that are part of the Ethereum family. So I'm very glad that they went and chose the Polygon POS chain as the first kind of like chain that they're using here because there's a vibrant user base on there. And I think that it's obviously those low fees there as well make it work very well, too. So great to see that. Oh, and here we go. There's actually a list here of the wallets that are supported. So they're supporting Rainbow, MetaMask, Trust Wallet, Coinbase Wallet and Dapper Wallet, which and Ethereum, Polygon and Flaura are the supported blockchains, which is cool to see. So I think this announcement today is about them going live on Polygon. That's what Mahalo was highlighting here. But yeah, great to see that they're getting involved. I know people have different opinions of Facebook and Instagram. I mean, I'm not going to make my opinion here. I haven't used Facebook and Instagram in such a long time. I mean, I have them, but like the only social media I really use is Twitter for obvious reasons. But I think like they still have a lot of users, right? Like and Instagram especially definitely has a lot of people who would be interested in something like this. I don't know about Facebook, like NFTs on Facebook. I mean, I think it's worth more on Instagram, obviously, because Instagram is much more catered towards the media side of things rather than Facebook, which is I don't know what Facebook is catered towards these days. As I said, I haven't been on in a while. Seems very disjointed, but still cool to see these go live on Polygon today. I was just thinking of layer twos. Miria or Maria here, someone's going to make fun of me for my bad pronunciation again, has partnered with Starkware to create a ZK Starks based Ethereum layer two scaling solution, which powers their gaming platform, marketplace and wallet. So I think this is the first instance of another company using Starkware's technology to build a layer two scaling solution other than DYDX. Like obviously there is DYDX, but they have an abandoned Starkware, but they've obviously announced plans to do their up chain. But I think this is the first one outside of DYDX. Unless I'm misremembering, I don't believe anyone else is using Starkwares roll ups. I think this is a roll up, right? Because obviously there are other things using Starkware such as diversify and immutable X, but they are Validium. So I believe this is a roll up. Let me have a look here. I actually only saw this just before. They're saying layer two protocol, but like people have been using layer two to refer to Validiums and other kind of like such constructions instead of a roll up. Actually, no, I think this is a Validium or because they're saying up to 9000 transactions per second, which is what immutable X talks about as well. Yeah, no, I definitely don't think this is a kind of like a roll up here. If I kind of like Google roll up, no, Validium, no, I don't know that they're going to talk about the technology. It definitely seems to be a Validium, but I'll kind of like dig deeper in that offline because I can't see anything that immediately jumps out here. But this is an NFT platform, so I would expect it to probably have to go on a Validium because the ZK roll up would be too expensive for an NFT platform. Regardless of all of that, still very cool to see another layer two or I guess like another. See, I struggle here because it, depending on where you talk to, you'll get torched for calling a Validium, something that stores its data off chain a layer two. But I feel like the layer two term, like, I don't know, guys, I don't know if we're going to win that battle. Like, I want to be technically accurate when I describe things, but I'm seeing, you know, respected people and respected companies referring to like Validiums as a layer two. And I'm kind of like, okay, well, is the layer two term just referencing, it can reference something that stores its data on chain and off chain. And then we just call something that kind of like stores both its data and its transaction proofs on chain a roll up. And like, do we differentiate like that? I don't know. Like, I don't know, but it's still very cool to see the more Validiums launching. Like, I think they're fine products. But yeah, that terminology always gets me tripped up. I just don't, I try not to like annoy anyone when I talk about these sorts of things, because as I said, depending on where you talk to, you'll get torched for referring to things in the roll up. To things in the wrong way. But I think that the terminology was are the hardest ones to win. It's just whatever people refer to it as. I mean, at the end of the day, we retired the E2 terminology months ago, but everyone still uses it. Like even some of the, a lot of the core devs and researchers will still say E2 because it's just that catch all term that has been around for a long time. And fighting terminology is very, very hard. I know from experience is very, very hard as an educator as trying to be as technically accurate as possible doesn't matter at the end of the day. What matters is what people refer to it as. In saying that, I don't think we should allow things that are like completely separate to Ethereum to call themselves layer twos. Like we shouldn't call other layer ones layer twos to Ethereum. Because they don't, they really have nothing to do with Ethereum, right? Whereas I can, I can accept bending the rules for a Validium or like an Albatrum Nova, for example, something that does not store its data on Ethereum. But I still think roll ups are going to be the longterm winner anyway, with things like Dank sharding. So yeah, anyway, go check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description if you want to read all about what Maria is here. All right, so a vaults protocol has put fixed borrowing live today. So essentially the launch of fixed borrowing means traders can convert variable, variable borrowing positions on Aave and Compound into fixed borrowing positions. So this can be done within a few clicks on the vaults UI here. So if you do have an Aave or Compound position and it's variable on a variable rate, you can change it to fixed rate with vaults protocol here. So the initial pools will cover Aave USDC, Aave ETH, Compound USDT borrowing positions, providing opportunity to lock in fixed stablecoin borrowing or fixed ETH borrowing costs in the build up to the merge. So if you, as I said, if you have those positions open, you can definitely go check out this ability or this feature on vaults protocol. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so a fee to announce today that they are live on the Polygon Mumbai test net. So I want to disclose here that I'm an angel investor in fee. I think I've talked about them once before on the refuel, but I wanted to highlight that they're live on test net because they've been working hard for a few months now. So they describe themselves as the web three world created directly from ENS domains and wallet activities, enabling the easy visualization of on chain identities. So the reason why I found this protocol like very interesting is because I am really bullish on on chain identity. I think that obviously there are things to be worked out such as privacy and usability, but I think that in general, you your on chain identity, your on chain profile, you know, for example, my sassle.eth is me, is my reputation is part of me and it's something that I'm going to use across all web three stuff for the foreseeable future. So I want, I would love a way to visualize that. I would love a way to get more creative with it, to get more interactive with it. And that's what fee is doing here by allowing people to visualize their on chain identity and build potentially cities, web free cities from your kind of wallet activities here. So as I said, they're launched on the polygon Mumbai test net today, which you can go check out. You can basically open the app here. I don't know if it's going to work for me because I'd have to connect my wallet, which am I on my sassle.eth wallet. I'll probably do it live on air for you guys. I haven't done this yet. Let's connect my wallet here. sassle.eth. Let's see what it's going to tell me to change networks. Yeah. Switching network to the Mumbai test net. Okay. Now let's say ANF's not found. Okay. Okay. It's probably because it's on, yeah, on girly. Okay. It's definitely not going to work unfortunately live on air here, but you can go test this out for yourself and put everything over. I'll definitely do this off air. But yeah, if you want to learn about what fee is, you can check out their website as well. It's got a bit more information here as well as links to join in the community and partnerships and reading their blog and everything like that. So definitely go check that out if you haven't yet. You can actually see the graphics here of what this could potentially look like based on your on-chain activity, right? You could be have out like a whale if you were a whale, right? Or you could have like a Uniswap, a little Uniswap signage there if you use Uniswap. And I mean, you can think about like, these are just the very simplistic things, but you can think about how far you can take this and how you can have very unique things depending on what you've done. Like for example, were you a Genesis validator? Was your validator spun up at Beacon Chain Genesis? That could be really cool. Were you a Genesis, were you a receiver of ETH at the Ethereum Genesis? Like that would be very rare, right? And then you can kind of like expand this out and you could create like a whole metaverse here where you visit other people's cities, you do things in them, you can extend it out to building applications within it. Like this is really definitely part of the metaverse, but the possibilities can potentially be endless here. So that's why I kind of like back them. I'm excited about it. I don't back many of these sorts of things like NFT projects. I generally steer clear of them because a lot of them are definitely scams and a lot of them are definitely grifts and a lot of them just make no sense. But I do think fee makes sense and I do think it's something that people should be excited about. So definitely go check it out. I'll link you in the YouTube description below. All right, last up here, I just wanted to give a shout out to this amazing podcast that Justin Drake has done with Bankless all about Ethereum censorship resistance and censorship in general. Honestly, like I wish I was as smart as Justin. I wish I could distill these things down, these concepts down as well as Justin does. I highly, highly, highly recommend you go listen to this podcast. It's a couple of hours. It covers so many things that I've talked about on the refill, but just in more depth and with more technical clarity than I can give. Obviously, because Justin works full time as an Ethereum researcher. But yeah, just 100% go listen to it. Go do it after you finish listening to this. I think this is the last thing I'm going to talk about. So go do it as soon as I finish the refill here. And on top of that, you can actually look at his slides, I believe. Yeah, he's got a bunch of slides that he presented at Edcon about this as well, which you can find in the replies to this tweet here. And yeah, just definitely go check it out. Go give it a listen. Highly recommend it. Highly recommend that I learned a fair bit myself. But it's not just about learning it. It's about reinforcing the concepts in my head as well. Like the way I'm able to distill things down and why I'm able to cover such a wide breadth of things on the refill is because I'm exposed to it multiple times a day. Like all the merge related stuff that is in my head, I have literally been exposed to it every day for like years now. It's just years worth of built up knowledge that has worked for me. I don't know what kind of learner you are. But even if you know something, even if you're aware of something, and if you've heard it 100 times, I still think it's worth listening and hearing it again, potentially from different perspectives, potentially in different kind of technical clarity and different terms. And that's exactly what Justin Drake has done here about the censorship resistance and censorship in general on Ethereum. And it honestly made me bullish on the future of Ethereum censorship resistance because we have so many solutions coming to help. And with kind of like obviously the OFAC stuff and any other censorship potential that comes to the network, especially under proof of stake. So go give it a listen. I'll link it in the description below. But I think that's going to be it for today. Thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all on Thursday. Yeah, not tomorrow on Thursday. Thanks everyone.