 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deadly Way Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Tim. This is Arno and today is the 16th of March 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So, the Kiln Merge Testnet worked. It went all well and good as far as I could tell. I think I was asleep when this happened. But it seems to have gone very well. As you can see here from Tim Byko, post-merge blocks were being produced by validators. As an explorer, you can kind of check out here to see everything that's going on right now. And Tim obviously linked to one of the first blocks there. And everything like that. So, yeah, I've been talking about this a lot lately. Obviously I'm not going to rehash all of what I spoke about. I think that's, you know, everything went well. There were a couple of, I think, minor bugs with clients. Like client specific bugs, not with the spec or anything like that. That were edge cases, I believe. That were kind of like being worked on. I can't remember exactly which clients were affected by this. But there was a little bit of stuff there. Which is good, obviously with these testnets. Kind of like, show us that. Do I think it's going to result in needing another one of these testnets? I don't think so. But, I mean, even if it does, I don't think that's a huge deal. But I don't think so. I feel like everything went as well as it could have gone with Kiln. Feels like, you know, the devs are very happy with it. Everyone's pretty happy with it. And it's still live and running, right guys? Like it's, you know, you can see blocks coming in and things like that. You click here, you see the kind of blocks coming in. You know, 10 seconds ago, 34 seconds ago, blah, blah, blah. As we expect them to here. So you can visit this kind of like explorer. I'll link it in the YouTube description with this tweet from Tim. But very, very exciting times. I'm not going to rehash it all again, guys. I could talk about the merch forever. But as you guys know, the Kiln testnet was kind of like, I guess like the last couple of months was being worked on at least. And now that it's live, we're going to monitor it, see how everything goes. Developers can deploy their contracts to this network to see how it all kind of like fares with the new block times and all that sort of stuff. So very, very cool to see this. Anyway, enough on the merge. I think I've spoken about enough lately onto another big piece of news from consensus, which today announced that they have raised $450 million in a kind of USD financing round to bring its valuation to 7 billion USD. Huge, huge value of funding around here, guys. Like this is a series D. And you know, the first thing I immediately thought of when I saw this was how, Holy shit, how far this industry has come, especially consensus. For those of you who are around in 2019 consensus basically laid off like, God, a huge number of people from their workforce. I think, you know, they had over a thousand employees and ended up having to lay off a bunch of people because of funding issues and Joe Lubin for the longest time was funding consensus out of his own eat stash. And, you know, obviously consensus has a few big IPs like men are masking, things like that and in Fura. But, you know, for the most part, they were just bleeding money because they were funding a bunch of different things, doing a lot of research development on on many different things, which, well, you know, that's what they, they were venture studio. That's what they were kind of wanting to do. But now they're doing these massive kind of like funding rounds at massive valuations is just not in day difference in only three years. So. I mean, I feel really good about this. You know, obviously consensus is all in on Ethereum. They work on, you know, they, they kind of like fund Ethereum things that work on a theory and they do a bunch of different things for the Ethereum ecosystem. And, you know, in their thread here, they actually put out something that I actually quote tweeted here and I said, Chad census, but essentially all proceeds from this round is actually being converted to eighth. So this $450 million that has been kind of like a raised here is being converted to eighth to further build consensus, quote unquote, ultrasound money position as a rebalance to rebalance its F to fiat ratio in line with consensus treasury strategy. That's huge guys. You know, I mean, I know some people were like, why would that wild consensus announce ahead of time that they're, they're buying $450 million worth of eighth, you know, all this sort of stuff. And honestly that I guess $450 million, given the daily volume of eighth and, and given the fact that they can do that OTC, I don't think it would disturb the market too much. We actually saw recently a similar size kind of like eighth by happened with jump capital when they had to cover the wormhole exploit. But I think what it counts for is kind of like the confidence that consensus has obviously in eighth as an asset and the long-term viability there, but there's other deals that they could structure and things like that to, to purchase that amount of eighth. You know, it's not just a cut and dry market buy. Like, like us, like, like all of us has to have to do. And then I think I remember I saw a quote, I don't know if it's in this thread, but I saw a quote somewhere else where I think someone at consensus said that the next fundraising round that they're going to do is going to be a series eighth. So basically it's going to be a series eight, but series eighth because they're only going to raise eighth and not going to raise USD. So they're going to raise direct eight into their treasury, just like the ICOs of old used to do and kind of like sit on that in their treasury. And I think they're going to be getting involved more with staking that eighth. I'm doing a bunch of other things with it. So very, very exciting stuff there on that front as well. But I guess, you know, $450 million in eighth, you know, eight doubles from here. That's $900 million. Right. Like when you, when you're talking kind of like big numbers like this, you might think yourself, Oh, you know, I, you know, like me and you, right? Like, uh, especially you guys that are new to the ecosystem, you're chasing that 10 to 100 X, right? Um, but you're, you obviously don't have $450 million that you're playing with. You're playing with a few thousand, maybe, maybe 10,000, 20,000 or something like that, uh, and obviously a 10 X would be, would, would, you know, would, would help you a lot. Right. Um, but for consensus, if they have $450 million worth of eighth, a two X gives them another $450 million to play with, right. To actually reinvest in the ecosystem and all that sort of stuff. And then you got three X, four X, and it keeps compounding from, from kind of like there. And especially if they do like a series eighth round and raise more money just in pure eighth. And, you know, I, I feel like, and of course if they're staking it to earning that eighth reward, I mean, like seriously, we've, we've, we're coming to a point, I think just generally in the Ethereum ecosystem, we're in such a good position to fund all of these sorts of stuff. Like think about the validator incentive program that I spoke about a few months ago that the Ethereum foundation did, where they gave, um, eight validators, not eighth, you know, not, not eighth on its own, but eighth validators, um, to the different kind of like core teams. And that way they're actually going to be able to kind of like sit on those validators, but also earn the rewards from them and fund themselves to that once withdrawals are enabled. Right. And all that good stuff there. So I think that I just, the merge, as I spoke, as I've spoken out before, has like so many second order effects and that's another one. It basically allows for all these teams to get like funding through kind of like being an active participant in the network. And obviously the increase, sorry, the eighth rewards that are being paid out, paid out of it, kind of like an inflation there. But the, the issuance rate is so low under proof of stake guys. And then we offset it with the burn. Like, I don't know, I just keep thinking about this sort of stuff day in, day out. And it's such like a symbiotic relationship. It's such a beautiful design. And this is why I get so excited about Ethereum as a whole is that we're designing something so awesome. So, so kind of like beautiful that, uh, you know, that's going to last for, for decades, centuries, hopefully, you know, thousands of years, right. And be sustainable. That's what we want. We don't want something that just kind of lasts a few years and then falls over. We want something that's longterm sustainable for as many participants that are involved as possible here. So, and this is just one way, you know, through consensus, doing their raise and then converting it to ETH and then doing this series ETH, uh, series, you know, ETH round, as I said before. Uh, but yeah, very, very cool to see this raise here. Congrats to the consensus on that. All right. So, um, I put out this kind of like meme today where I said building new layer ones in 2022, and I had the Spanish laughing meme dude, you guys will recognize here, um, as kind of like an image that I captioned, this was in response to a new layer one that I think Mo I saw multi-coin pushing it multi-coin capital, and they love their layer ones, I love their monolithic blockchains. I've spoken about how I think the monolithic design is wrong in the past, but I think the reason why I'm laughing here is because I don't think there's been two in the last few weeks that have the high profile layer ones that have been announced, I think it is such a silly thing to do. It makes no sense. The layer twos are going to absolutely obliterate them. You guys know, I believe this very, very strongly. And I feel like people are wasting so much time and money investing into these kinds of like new L ones. And on top of that, not just from a technology perspective, but just from a pure attention perspective, there's already so many things to pay attention to on the layer one front. And then if you want to include layer twos in that, because these monolithic L ones are trying to be execution layers. So they're actually competing with layer twos and you kind of like put all that together. How do these things expect to get attention? Even some of the most high profile layer ones that were high profile for their time, such as polka dot, Tezos, BSC, right. They've all lost the mind share. Like all I see people talking about these days is obviously Ethereum, right? All the Ethereum L2s, I see people talking about Solana, and Avalanche as well, because they have pretty aggressive marketing, I'll give them that. And Terra, but I don't actually consider Terra to be in the same ballpark there. Terra seems to be just like very focused on their stablecoin ecosystem. And again, I've mentioned in the past, so I think that Terra being a layer two would actually be much better for them, but you know, not going to go into that debate again there, but just think about like all the layer ones, especially the ones from the last cycle, like EOS and Neo and QTEM and all this sort of stuff. They all just lose attention completely because for a layer one to succeed, not only do you need a kind of like the attention, but you need the developers to want to build it, right? You need people to come actually use it and to get those network effects and to grow that. And it's extremely hard to grow that. So kind of like taking a holistic kind of view here on this sort of stuff, I kind of help, but laugh, honestly, guys, like I don't wish kind of like ill will on these teams that are building them. I'm sure they're building them in good spirits and with good intentions. And you know, I don't think the ones that I saw recently could be considered Ethereum killers or anything like that, or even trying to be. But I just feel like these things should just be built as layer twos. I think one of them had a privacy focus that was announced. One of these L1s, we have privacy L2s that are just going to obliterate them, such as Aztec, right? And then there were other, and then the recent one that was announced, I believe it's called move. I think they're targeting kind of like the decentralized social media stuff, I believe. But then it kind of puzzles me because, I mean, isn't that what Solana is trying to do? Like, it kind of becomes like a narrative battle as well, where it's like, okay, well, what are these L1s trying to do? Are they generalized? Are they specific? Okay, well, if they're specific, then, you know, are they actually better than the L2s? Well, no, they're not. From a pure technology perspective, they are not. Mindshare, it's going to be incredibly hard for them to get mindshare, especially during these quiet periods. Like, I didn't even see many people talking about these things. The only reason I heard about it was because someone pinged me about it, and it's like, hey, you know, there's a new L1 being built. And I was like, oh, my God, again. And then I saw Multicoin involved, and I'm like, oh, God, of course. Like, Multicoin Capital, for those of you who don't know, is headed up by Carl Samani and Tushar Jain. They've been all about the monolithic blockchains for ages. And to their credit, they've kind of like stuck to that one thesis. They were originally really big EOS bulls, and then they kind of like went away from EOS because that failed. And then obviously, they've been Solana bulls, but they really believe in the monolithic thesis. But, you know, obviously, I believe that's completely wrong. I think that's the wrong way to go about it. They've made a lot of money on this thesis regardless. But I'm talking from a pure tech perspective, I just don't think that the monolithic design is going to survive long term. I don't even think it's really surviving short term, to be honest. Like, if we had the world on board today, they wouldn't be using monolithic L1s. They'd be using, I guess, like L2s that settle to an L1 like Ethereum, I believe. So that's why, as I said, I can't help but laugh at people building, not people, but like the idea of building a new L1. So we'll have to see how the other ones shake out. I believe the other one was called Espresso or something like that, the other one. I saw it, and I don't think I mentioned it at the time on the refill, but I saw it a few weeks ago. And then this latest one was Move, and I was just like, so puzzled, guys. Like, really, at the end of the day, I hope we don't see many more of these things come out because, as I said before, these things tend to, if they have, I guess, like attention for a period of time in marketing, they suck so much money out of this ecosystem. But, I mean, that's just kind of like how it works. It's a free market. I'm not going to kind of say that we should be denouncing these things because they suck money out or whatever. We should be denouncing them or kind of like criticizing them for their technology choices, and we should be promoting things that are better. And I'll always promote Layer 2s over Layer 1s because, from everything that I've seen, from all the people that I've spoken to, all the smartest people, everyone agrees that the modular design, well, almost everyone agrees that the modular design is the kind of like design that is the path forward for scaling these things to the world. And, as I've mentioned before, I feel like, you know, even people that are involved in crypto are just perpetually behind on the bleeding edge of research. And I actually don't think you can forgive that, to be honest. I think that if you're a protocol engineer, if you're working on building these kind of like platforms and building these layers, you need to be up to date, at least by, you know, I mean, I could give you maybe a monthly way on things. But, you know, we've been talking about modular stuff for longer than six months now, and people are still building Layer 1s. So, when I think about that, I just can't help but think that even the people very close to this ecosystem are at least six months behind, you know, basically, refill watches. I'm going to toot my own horny for a bit. You guys know that if you're watching and paying attention to the refill every day, you hear about all of this before the majority do. But, unfortunately, not many people watch and listen to the refill very much. But more alpha for us at the end of the day. And, you know, it's funny, I still think people just don't realize how close the merge is either, as I mentioned so many times. And every time a merge milestone happens, people are like, oh, oh, what? Last testnet? Oh, oh, what? This came up on me. It's like, no, guys, like, it's been coming for a while. Like, I just, I don't understand. Like, I get people have limited attention spans, limited bandwidth. But, I mean, the merge gets talked about every single day on Twitter. It doesn't even take much. Go follow Tim Biko and you're up to date. Like, all you have to do is read Tim Biko's tweets to stay up to date with what's happening with the merge. And then, you know, you can expand on that and kind of like go follow the other core devs and things as well if you want to. But, you know, and even just kind of like watching and listening to the refill every day will keep you up to date with everything. I don't know, people don't want to put in the effort. That's on them. But I really hope we don't see any more layer ones kind of like shake out here. I would rather see layer twos obviously being built, even if they're forks. I just believe it's a much better kind of path forward than building these new layer ones. All right. So I should have put this at the start when I was talking about the merge. But Rockerpool announced that their kiln infrastructure is set up and they'll be starting testing post merge on Rockerpool very soon. So you can see just a screenshot here. There are a bunch of these kind of like screenshots from different client teams and stuff like that just showing that the merge is going well and everything's working. I think the Rockerpool community and the Rockerpool core team are very excited for this because, you know, as I've said before, Rockerpool has been working on their kind of protocol since like 2017 since they thought staking was going to come out in 2017. And they've kind of like had to change roadmaps here and there and change what they're doing and change timelines. And they finally got to main net, you know, a few months ago. But, you know, they're a very, very cool piece of the overall kind of like Ethereum, I guess, protocol infrastructure at this point. So I'm very, very glad to see that they're kind of like sticking on the bleeding edge here. Definitely paying attention to everything that's going on. And I can't wait to see them flourish post merge as much as they've flourished pre-merge. So far. All right. So this has been a long time coming. ScoopyTruples from Alchemix announced that Alchemix V2 is here today and it is live. So you can go to app.alchemix.fi and check out all the new features there. So what's new in V2? Well, basically, as Scoopy says here, V2 allows for any arbitrary number of collateral tokens and yield strategies to choose from. As token adapters are written and audited for V2, we can add an ever-increasing selection of yield providers for your deposits on Alchemix. So that means you can, in effect, create your own yield aggregator from within Alchemix V2 by mixing and matching collateral types and strategies. The sum of your deposits across collaterals and strategies is the basis for how much you can borrow, greatly enhancing user experience. And there's a little screenshot here. There's more information in this thread. I'm not going to read through the whole thread, obviously, but this is huge news. I've always been a big fan of the Alchemix project. I've talked about them a lot on the refill before, and they finally got V2 out there today. Now, I believe that as part of V2 or as part of kind of like their roadmap and the continued roadmap here, it's getting on L2s, introducing kind of like better governance systems and DAO systems there and things like that. So looking forward to seeing that shake out as well. But staying on topic here, I want to talk about the theme of basically DeFi, just more generally, right? And how I think DeFi has been in the trail of disillusionment, which is kind of like if you see the hype cycle, you can like see that a lot of things when they first come out have like a massive spike in hype and usage. And that's usually in crypto during a bull market. And this is what I've said about false sense of securities that that kind of like spike gives you. And then it comes down really quickly, and it goes kind of flat for a while. And that's the trail of disillusionment, where essentially the teams, the people, they're still building, but like there's hardly any action compared to what there was in the kind of like peak. And we see this play out time and time again with crypto. Like all of us have experiences at this stage. Why? I would assume that all of us have experienced this, not just in the markets, but also kind of like the attention cycles of different projects. I remember when everyone was talking about Alchemix and it was the best thing ever. People were like, this is super innovative. This is awesome. This is amazing. And I now don't really see many people talking about it. And it's not just Alchemix, it's just DeFi more generally. And I think DeFi really did have that massive spike during DeFi summer. Now, Alchemix wasn't around during DeFi summer, but I think DeFi came in DeFi summer 2020, end of 2020 there, mid to end. And then since then, we've been innovating here and there. They've been like pockets of DeFi kind of like popping off like DeFi 2.0 we had for a bit and then kind of like that's gone, gone, I guess, like sour as well. What I actually didn't like about DeFi 2.0 and I explained this on the refuel when it was happening, a lot of it was just Ponzi's. It wasn't actually any DeFi innovation. Whereas something like Alchemix V2 is DeFi innovation and Alchemix isn't the only DeFi protocol innovating here. There are a lot of other ones doing it all in the background right now, but like when they're ready, they kind of like release this to the foreground, but still not many people are paying attention to it. A lot of the token prices are in the gutter. And I just think that's kind of like the natural progression of these things. That's just what happens during kind of like these hype cycles during new technology cycles. And it's nothing to be worried about. Now, not every DeFi protocol is going to come back from the depths of the trail of disillusionment. They're going to kind of like sit there and a lot of them are just going to fail or kind of like go by the wayside. And that's totally fine too. Like 90% of businesses fail. And at the end of the day, these things are basically businesses, right? Like, yes, we have our own kind of like quirks to them, like DAOs and community stuff and tokens and things like that. But at the end of the day, there's a team building something that needs customers in order to sustain itself. So it's just a business, right? When you really break it down. And 9 out of 10, as I said, businesses fail. So don't be surprised to see a lot of your favorite DeFi protocols potentially kind of like fail or fail to kind of like gain the distraction that they once had. It's just the natural thing here, guys. And it's also what makes investing so hard in this ecosystem because a lot of these things have tokens from the get-go before they even have any real product market fit before they've gone through their trial of disillusionment. And then you kind of like have this thing where everyone's kind of wrecked on the token. And Ethereum went through this too. Don't get me wrong, right? Ethereum went through this, I believe during 2018 and 2019, but it bounced back much stronger. It fell 94% and then it went up from the bottom to 4,400 was like a 50X or something like that from 80 to 4,400 or potentially more than that. But that was a huge comeback there. But a lot of things didn't. A lot of things never did. A lot of things had their hype cycle and just like completely failed. And the same thing is going to happen to a lot of things in this industry. I think you need to be acutely aware of that. But yeah, I'm excited to see kind of like a DeFi Renaissance happen as layer 2 is kind of like progressively roll out as we get more and more users into the ecosystem. And as more and more people understand how to use this stuff, I do think we'll see a bit of a Renaissance there. Don't know what that means for the tokens. I don't know if these tokens will ever go back to their all-time highs against ETH. Like that's what's even harder, right? Like going back to the like a lot of the DeFi summer tokens that pumped, they pump when ETH was like $300, $400. And obviously, ETH is much higher now than it was back then. So not only do they have to get back to their DeFi summer highs against ETH, they have to kind of like, I guess, go even further than that to catch ETH where it is now. And obviously, ETH is a moving target as well. So I'm not sure what's going to happen there, but we'll have to see how that plays out. But I guess congrats to Alchemix here on getting V2 out the gates. All right, so Optimism shared a screenshot today of Quabi Global kind of like, I guess, teasing support for Optimism or at least supporting Optimism, it seems here as a withdrawal method. So they have ETH, HECO, which is I believe their own chain, and BEP20, which is BSC, and Optimism and Arbitrum now, it seems. Arbitrum is great out there. So I wonder if they're supporting Arbitrum yet. I think they are, but yeah, cool to see that Optimism is being supported or going to be supported by a major exchange here. As I said before, that is the holy grail for these L2s to get this exchange support so that you can kind of like withdraw to them. And what I like about this is that you can see the estimated fee for withdrawal here. For ETH mainnet, it's $3. For Optimism, it's $2.50. But I think what exchanges can do here, and I don't know if Quabi will do this, but I think exchanges like Coinbase, they can explain to users that, hey, if you withdraw your stuff to ETH layer one, yes, okay, there's this withdrawal fee, but then there's a lot of other fees. The fees are very high on Ethereum layer one, even at 20 Gwei. Whereas if you withdraw to Optimism, then the fees are much, much lower, and you get to kind of like withdraw for $2.50 or whatever you want to withdraw ETH or whatever. And then you get to enjoy those really cheap fees that are just getting cheaper over time. So I think education definitely needs to be done there. I'm hoping to see stuff out of every exchange. I think Coinbase can do a lot because they have their Coinbase Learn thing that they already have spun up. So yeah, waiting to see how that plays out there. But yeah, cool to see this. Let me know if it's actually live yet. I don't have a Quabi account, but if any of you guys do, let me know if it's actually live and you've been able to withdraw to Optimism or Arbitrum here. I'll be very curious to find out there. All right, so zkSync today announced that they will be paying out or they announced a bug bounty program on ImmuneFi with bounties that are going to be going up to $2.1 million. So you can check out this blog post here from ImmuneFi. What I find funny about this maximum bounty is that Optimism, I believe, had a maximum bounty of $2 million. So obviously zkSync's like, well, we're going to beat that. We're going to do $2.1 million. So if you're a hacker, if you think you can find a critical vulnerability and like, I mean, it has to be more than critical. I think, you know, up to $2.1 million for critical bug payouts. But in saying that, I think it depends on the severity as well. You know, you can see how it is up to, right? Like, I think you have to find basically an inflation bug, sort of what happened with Optimism or something like that. So if you can find that, I mean, you're gonna get yourself a $2.1 million payday. So I definitely think that in the aspiring kind of like people out there should definitely give this a go. All the details about this is in the blog post here. So you can kind of like go check it out. There's links to documentation, all that sort of stuff and more details about this. But very, very cool to see more big bug bounty programs being announced for these L2s here. All right, so Ryan Wiart, I think from Polygon Studios or the CEO of Polygon Studios, just shared today that they, basically an image of the incredible talent that the Polygon Studios team has been adding. So the new CEO is joining the studio from EA, so from Electronic Arts, where he has spent the last 19 years as their SVP player network. His team will be tasked with supporting the developer ecosystem building on Polygon. So you can just see the new hires here across the kind of like C-suite and VP suite. That seems to be getting like a lot of heavy hitters. I mean, the CEO is from EA, the CFO is from Penscom Media Corporation, the VP of Gaming Business Development is from Amazon, a VP of Game Design is from Mythical Games, and Ben Watley's strategy here is from EA as well. So a lot of heavy hitters coming in here. I think that, as I said, Web3 brain drain or Web2 brain drain is real into Web3, and it's only going to continue, guys. I actually had a call with Ryan recently, and he's, I wouldn't say he's completely new to crypto or anything, but he's relatively new, and he's still kind of like finding the ropes of things, but he knows his stuff when it comes to gaming. So I think it's really cool that we're getting some kind of like outside talent that isn't necessarily crypto person, bringing them into crypto, putting them in charge of kind of like these sorts of things and seeing them run with it and seeing them kind of like bring their Web2 expertise into the Web3 world. So very, very cool to see that and cool to see these new hires from Polygon Studios here. All right, finally, we have an update out of Synthetix. So Synthetix Perpetual Futures will launch later this week. Anyone with an internet connection will have access to fully decentralized and composable perpetual futures with 10 times leverage to an easy to use training UI at quinta.io here. So there's a blog post explaining more about this, and this is again going back to what I was saying before when I was talking about alchemics about there's DeFi teams that are still building and still building out like on their roadmaps, still executing, still doing a lot in the background, even though they're in that kind of like trial disillusionment there. So I think that when you kind of like take that kind of, I guess, view of things, it's always good to see kind of like updates come out from these. I don't know. People used to call them DeFi 1.0 teams, but I don't think so. I think it's just all DeFi, right? But it's good to see these updates coming out, especially executing on long-term roadmaps and things like that. So very, very exciting. And I guess speaking of synthetics, I should mention that I'm actually on a panel and I'm going to be interviewing Cain next week at the Blockchain Week. So very, very much looking forward to that because Cain's one of crypto's OGs. He's got a lot of wisdom, been in the trenches for longer than I have, really. So very much looking forward to that. And I guess another reminder to you guys that I'm actually going to be in Sydney on Tuesday for Blockchain Week, and then I'm going to be coming back to Melbourne on Wednesday for the events at Marvel Stadium there. So hopefully I'll be able to see a lot of you guys there. I know that getting a ticket is basically impossible. It's a packed event, but you'll be able to watch everything virtually. And on Tuesday, I'm actually interviewing Mehdi from Sigma Prime about all the stuff got to do with kind of like the merge, ETH2 consensus layer stuff generally. So that's going to be very, very exciting as well there. I'm very much looking forward to it. But yeah, as I was saying, guys, do pay attention to these quote unquote older DeFi projects. They're still building, they're still innovating, they're still doing a lot of cool stuff. And I think that they, some of them, not all of them will have a renaissance quite soon where they basically have, I guess, you know, escape that trail of disillusionment, kind of like start getting natural adoption again and go on to grow to something really amazing that we can all use and get value out of. But I think on that note, that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.