 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Way Refuel where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Dan Tisisano and today is the 8th of June 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So today is the day Ropsten testnet will be merged. Now depending on when you're watching this, it may have already happened. Probably it would have already happened because I think I'm going to put this out either right around the time that the Ropsten merge happens or just after it. So it's scheduled to happen just before 2pm UTC which isn't long from now, I think it's about a couple of hours from when I'm recording this. And I mean, yeah, there's a website here you can kind of like track it on but I think by the time you guys watch this it'll probably be redundant. But I think I should still talk about what you're kind of like seeing here on the left. So this is a website called baudel.wtf and it says here, I mean this will be used for future testnets as well, not just for Ropsten I imagine. But it kind of like shows here to achieve the TTD that's been set for Ropsten at the time of 2pm UTC, you need around 114 giga hashes of hash power to do that. And you can see the kind of like graph here and underneath, you can't really see it because my camera's in the way here. But underneath is kind of like the hashrate chart. You can see it's kind of like gone up there and you can visit this website anywhere, I'll link it in the YouTube description. And then you can kind of like see the top chart. This is the one we care about, right? The green is basically when the Ropsten merge will happen. So we're very, very close at this point in time. And as I said, it's only going to happen by the time you've watched this. But big day guys, I mean I put out a tweet where I basically said, you know, Ropsten's happening very soon as in today. Then we're going to move on to the Sepolia testnet, Girly testnet, then the Ethereum mainnet merge. Now there are a few things between that, like obviously the Shadow forks, but then also getting the Ethereum execution layer and consensus layer ready for the other merge itself. So Ballotrix and Paris hard forks on both of those chains respectively. So that's all going to be happening. But in terms of just pure merge related stuff, this is the path right here. Three public testnets, then the Ethereum mainnet and obviously those other auxiliary things thrown in the mix. But yeah, we're so close guys. I'm so excited for it. If you are watching this early on, you can definitely join this live stream that's being hosted by Eat Steaker here. So if you just go to the Eat Steaker YouTube channel, you can kind of jump into this live stream. I'm sure it'll still be going by the time you've watched this. I'd probably be going for a little bit, but you can rewatch it as well. I'm happy to join myself, so I'll definitely hopefully be on there. But yeah, very, very exciting stuff guys. First public testnet to run through the merge. I'm super excited for it. Personally, I think that it's going to go well. I don't think it's going to go perfectly. I don't like to think that it's going to go perfectly. Not that I don't have faith that it will. It's that you don't know things are going to go 100% perfect. And thinking in absolutes is not a good idea, especially in our ecosystem. So for me, I look at this and I'm like, you know what? I'm very, very confident it's going to go well. But given this is the first public testnet, given that there are still minor bugs here and there. Nothing kind of like game breaking or anything like that, but minor bugs here and there. We're going to have to see how Ropsten goes. And Ropsten will give us the insight we need in terms of timelines. Or at least more insight than we have right now. I'm still sticking to my September timeline. Just where we are today. But depending on how Ropsten goes, I may adjust that. It may still happen in August, but at this point in time, I'm very... I'm not going to say bearish on the August timeline there, but I'm not seeing it. Like even late August. Maybe it happens on the last day of August to prove me wrong. But I think because of obviously the difficulty bomb stuff and just general overhead that that adds. Early September for me is more likely, but we're going to have to see how the testnet goes. So on tomorrow's refill, I'll obviously be recapping everything Ropsten kind of like merge related there. But yeah, very, very cool that we're finally here. And speaking of the merge, Korpi here put out a really great tweet thread today about how the merge is going to be a substantial change in supply demand forces that most people underestimate for ETH. Now I've spoken about this on the refill plenty of times before, but I think Korpi did a great service for the bull case of the merge by putting together this thread. And basically explaining or putting in kind of like different words what Hal Press said on his Bankless interview about how right now there's multiple millions of daily sell pressure from miners. But then once the merge happens, we're going to need to find sellers to prevent the price from going up if the man kind of like remains the same. And if demand spikes, obviously we expect the price to go up a lot more. I highly recommend giving this thread a raise, got a bunch of numbers and a bunch of kind of like different metrics around it attached to it. Very, very good thread. One of my favorites on the bull case for the merge. I just wanted to hide that for you guys. Definitely go check it out, especially man. It's relevant right now, right? Like the merge is so close. I mean, people keep saying when merge, when merge, you know, it's taking forever. I don't think they realize just how close we are in terms of being able to see it. Like I can see main net Ethereum merge like at this point. I couldn't see that just a few months ago. I can see it right now. I could be like, yeah, okay, that this, this, and this needs to happen. Then that's going to happen and it is not very far away. So patience guys, like I don't think there's any rush here. Honestly, I'm not in a rush for the merge to happen. I want it to happen safely because the worst thing that could happen is that we do the main net merge and it doesn't work. You know, that's obviously the worst case scenario. So we want to get it right the first time. And I think, you know, once we do that, it's obviously going to, uh, de-risk a lot for people as well. People think the merge is like super risky, which don't get me wrong. It's a risky kind of like endeavor, just like any network upgrade. But people think it's like way riskier than what it is. So I think once the merge happens and it goes through successfully, that will kind of lead to a nice de-risking for people. And I think, uh, it might lead to some positive ETH kind of like price action finally, but we'll have to see, right? The markets are the market. Nothing's ever priced in, right? I actually truly believe that when it comes to ETH, pretty much most things are never priced in, but that's a discussion for a different day here. I've got a bunch of other updates I want to get through. So I spoke about this new crypto policy bill that was introduced yesterday from two kind of like senators in the US. Jake Stravinsky has a really, really great Twitter thread breaking down kind of, you know, what he likes about it, what the next steps are and kind of like, uh, what he doesn't like about it as well. I just wanted to highlight this for you guys to go give it a read because it does a better job of summarizing the whole thing than I did yesterday. I think mine was just kind of like off the cuff and it was kind of breaking news when I was covering it. But yeah, this is, this is really great. I think, uh, you know, there was, there was some stuff in there around kind of like taxation of staking as well, which is really, which was very positive. I think that, um, I'm not sure on the exact wording of it, but it was actually a very positive change for for staking and mining and how that will be taxed in the US. And I'm sure other jurisdictions, uh, such as where I am in Australia is going to follow that and kind of like, if this becomes kind of like law, if this actually goes in, cause right now it's, um, it's definitely just like a bill, you know, it may have like a small chance of passing, but the good thing is, is that it's a bipartisan bill, which means that both kind of like major parties in the US Republicans and Democrats, uh, I mean, they have representatives kind of like involved in this. So it's not just like one party has put this forward. Um, when it's bipartisan, it's obviously much better because then you don't have the typical kind of like party, party fighting about it's like, Oh, because it came from party A, uh, we're party B and we're just going to automatically reject it. Doesn't matter how good it is. So that's what I, I, I, what was really positive about this bill being bipartisan, but it's still a long time before this would go into becoming law or kind of like, um, becoming kind of like binding. I think it has to go through iterations, has to go through kind of like consultations. There's going to be things changed on it, but this is really good. Usually these bills start out like really bad and then things get walked back. But this, this has started out really, really good. So I'm excited about it. Uh, and I'm excited about it because regulations were coming regardless of what you guys think. Yes, we can build a centralized tools to kind of like, um, resist as many as possible, but there is plenty of points where we can't resist, right? Centralized stable coins. Of course, there's no way to resist regulators with that. If you want to be a centralized stable coin, you basically are going to get regulated to help. Simple as that, same with centralized exchanges, same with, uh, docs teams that live in the U S of defy projects. You know, they're going to be under scrutiny. They're going to come under regulations. But the thing is, is that our goal obviously as an ecosystem is to build decentralized tools that don't rely on dirt. It doesn't matter kind of like about these things, but in terms of like truly decentralized things that can't be shut down, there's not many out there today because things are so early. I mentioned a few of them before, obviously Uniswap being the flag bearer here, but even still the Uniswap team is docs, right? They live in the U S I'm pretty sure they live in, uh, in, in New York. Right. So when you think of it like that, I mean, New York is one of the most hostile places for crypto, uh, in the U S I believe, uh, they've got like this big bit license or something like that. That is really stifling kind of innovation there. So when you kind of like take all that into account, something like this is really awesome. So I definitely recommend giving Jake's thread a read here. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right. So, uh, DB, uh, the, this account on Twitter that I follow, uh, shared a news from PayPal saying starting today, PayPal supports the native transfer of cryptocurrencies between PayPal and other wallets and exchanges. That's really cool. Basically, it means that you, if you're using PayPal as an, as a kind of like Fiat on ramp to buy and, or a Fiat on ramp with for crypto, you can now transfer it to your own wallet. So you can transfer eighth to your own wallet and any other tokens on there, just like you would a normal centralized exchange. Now, the reason why I think this is really cool, even though it's something that we're obviously used to is that there are a lot of people who want to use things that are familiar brands to them. Uh, I know Coinbase obviously in the U S is the biggest kind of like exchange. It has the most brand awareness, but for a lot of people, it's still scary. Whereas, uh, it's scary to use. Whereas something like PayPal, they're more used to because everyone's used PayPal, right? Like I'm sure, you know, nine 99% of people that have kind of like, um, done e-commerce have probably used PayPal at one point, kind of like in their lives. And if you're in the, if you're calling the U S there's obviously other services and other solutions out there, but I would say, you know, most people have used PayPal, so there is a familiarity there and that there's using PayPal for things other than crypto, obviously. Whereas with Coinbase, I mean, you don't use Coinbase for anything except crypto. So for most people haven't used Coinbase, I know they have a lot of U S users, but still not nearly as much users as kind of like PayPal has. Uh, so I guess like, that's why I like it when these things happen is because more people trust this from like a brand awareness perspective, security, safety perspective. And the fact that you can kind of now do the full loop of going, you know, fit into PayPal, buying some crypto, then withdrawing it out to a wallet is really positive in my eyes, because at the end of the day, you know, buying and selling crypto on a centralized exchange is all well and good, but we want people to actually use the on-chain products. That's what we're building here. Like the centralized exchange thing is like the tip of the iceberg for crypto. Like you've seen the iceberg meme before where you've got the tip and then underneath there is just like these massive kind of like iceberg submerged in the water. The tip is centralized exchanges. And then underneath that is everything else that comes with crypto. So we really need to get people to kind of dive down and check all that stuff out rather than just staying at the top because most people just stay at the top. Most people stay on centralized exchanges. They just buy and sell random coins that they hear about on YouTube. Um, and that is just sad. I, what we, we need more people kind of like to use the products. And I think a lot of us just got to do with them not being educated, not knowing that they can do these sorts of stuff. But also we need to build better apps for them as well. Like, in all honesty, like the apps that we have today are awesome. If you're willing to put in the effort to kind of like get to know them, to get to know what's going on with them, to use them, uh, you know, regularly and kind of like get up to speed with that and to learn about them. But if, if it's just kind of like a regular person who just wants something quick to do on-chain in crypto, there's not really much for them to do at this point in time. There will be in the future. I'm going to be getting there. I truly believe we will get there. Obviously, like if I didn't, then I wouldn't be bullish on this ecosystem because it doesn't matter how many, um, you know, uh, protocol upgrades we do. If there's not the apps on there to make use of that, that kind of those protocol upgrades or the protocol itself, then it's kind of pointless. Right. Uh, so yeah, I'm looking forward to more of those stuff and more of those things happening. And I think I discussed this the other day where I said that we need kind of like better apps, but yeah, cool to see this from PayPal. I think it's quite bullish actually. Uh, obviously it's a bear market right now. This new, new, this news isn't going to move any kind of like markets. Like it probably would have in a bull market, but it's all about those kinds of like iterative steps. This is exactly what happened in 2018 and 2019 actually where there was a bunch of iterative kind of like things over time that were really, really bullish, but never kind of like played into the prices because it was a bear market. And I remember thinking at the time, all this news is, oh, I mean, not this new, not in the news necessarily, but all this kind of like stuff that's getting done during the bear market is going to propel us to new heights in a bull market because it's laying the foundations for that. And that's exactly what happened. I think like, I mean, DeFi summer wouldn't have happened with all the foundations being kind of built by the early DeFi pioneers that kind of opened people's eyes to what was possible on chain, on Ethereum within DeFi. So building blocks is what we want to see. It doesn't matter if it's a bull or bear market, they're still going to be there, you know? So I like seeing building blocks. I'm very big, I'm very, very big fan of them, especially ones like PayPal, kind of letting people withdraw crypto to their own wallets. Very, very cool to see here. All right. So an announcement out of Euler finance today, they have raised a $32 million funding round led by Horn Adventures here. The new funds will be used to diversify the Euler Dow Treasury. Now I should disclose that I am an investor in Euler. I invested in their last round here. And for those of you who don't know what Euler is, it's basically a money market on Ethereum. So basically they've got a few different innovations that I've spoken about before. The things that I kind of like really like about Euler is they're trying to make use of Uniswap as an oracle, which is something that not a lot of applications have tried to do in the past. They've relied on Chainlink oracles, which aren't bad. I like Chainlink. I think Chainlink is fine. I think it's really good, but you know, they can't just be like, for me, I don't like monopolies. Like I don't like they're just being Chainlink. And some of you may think that's kind of like ironic because I want to, you know, I talk about Ethereum, like it's going to be a monopoly, but I think there's a distinction between kind of like the protocol layer and then everything kind of like built on top. But I'm not trying to say that kind of like, you know, Chainlink is inferior to Uniswap oracles or anything like that. But I think that, you know, trying something new, trying something different, even if it doesn't work is kind of like, I think worth it at the end of the day, as long as it's not something like scammy or it's not something like a Ponzi, like an Algo stablecoin or something like that. Right. So that's one of the key innovations that I like there. And by using Uniswap as an oracle, what that enables is markets for like the long tail of assets, like money markets for, you know, all those kinds of like coins that trade on places like Uniswap that have to be onboarded via a governance kind of process on other money markets to be used as collateral for one reason or another, that they go through a lengthy process. So Oila makes it so that you don't have to do that. You can just have your own kind of like isolated money market. And it's using Uniswap as kind of like an oracle to do that as well. But yeah, I guess congrats to them on this funding round. Very awesome to see this. They're definitely one of my favorite teams in the crypto ecosystem. I'm not just saying that because I'm an investor. I think a lot of the innovations that they're doing are really, really cool. I'm not going to go through them all now. You should definitely check out their Twitter page. I think there's a couple of threads on there that kind of like highlight all of this. But yeah, definitely something very exciting in DeFi. There's not that many things that are very innovative or exciting in DeFi right now. I think we're just seeing more of the same. And I think that DeFi 2.0 was Ponzi 2.0. Basically, I mean, I've been through that before. But there is a bunch of kind of like innovation happening from these things you don't really hear about. That are really cool. And that again, are building blocks that are going to pay off later down the line. So definitely go check out kind of Euler Finance if you haven't yet. All right, so Diversify just announced before that they are no longer just a trading exchange. They're opening a gateway to the entire world of DeFi. So today they've launched their first ever cross-chain feature. Which is seamlessly swapping hundreds of tokens on Polygon directly from the Diversify app. Which if you guys don't know is a Validium on Ethereum. So using StarQuest technology on Ethereum. Diversify has been around for quite a while now. I think I've spoken about them a bunch of times. And I should also disclose that I'm an investor in Diversify there. But you guys probably know that because I've talked about it before. They're very, very cool to see this. Cool to see things like cross-chain swaps here. I think that the cross-chain stuff, even if you don't believe in other kind of like layer ones being prominent going forward. I think the cross-chain stuff is still very important for the layer twos and the side chains. Obviously with polygons the POS chain not technically a layer two. But this cross-chain stuff doesn't have to be limited to the side chains or other layer ones. It definitely can be used between layer twos. And I've explained this before. People often go on about isolated liquidity and isolated users. And if you're on Diversify you can't interact with other ecosystems. Well, now you can guys. This is only their first kind of integration with Polygon here. I'm sure they're going to integrate with other ecosystems out there. And that's just going to enable that seamless kind of liquidity flow between these, and user flow between these different things. So I don't think long term the liquidity fragmentation and the kind of like isolation of users is something to worry about at all. I don't even think it's something to worry about right now. It's going to be so easy to bridge and swap between chains. And I talk about changes as kind of like layer twos. Right? That you're not even going to notice that you're doing it. And I'm really looking forward to when things like Starkware's DAMM goes live and some other kind of like similar constructions go live. That basically allow you to initiate a trade on optimism for example. But trade using an arbitrary liquidity pool on the arbitrary version of Unisop for example. Like that sort of cross-chain stuff is very very cool. And I'm very much looking forward to seeing that go live as well. But Diversify are definitely leading the charge here. So congrats to them on launching this product today. You can check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right. So Little Cohen posted a tweet thread, I think it was a couple of days ago now. I just came across it just before where he said, FYI on the most, FYI on one of the most efficient ways to fight phishing sites is submitting a PR to MetaMask. If they add it to their scam database, this is what a user will see when they go to the website. Takes one minute to submit a PR and let's make Web3 more secure. So if you basically come across a phishing site that is trying to steal someone, your crypto or just crypto in general, as Little Cohen says here, you can go to the MetaMask kind of GitHub repository, submit a pull request and basically say, hey, I found a kind of like phishing site here and it will automatically get put into MetaMask's phishing database. And this will be what users see when they go to that domain if they have MetaMask installed here. So very, very cool. Obviously, there's a lot of these things that pop up. And the sad thing is that these scams wouldn't be so prevalent if they didn't work. Like they work guys. And even the ones, you know, I sometimes get pings on the Discord channel people getting messaged by like an imposter of myself, right? Those work as well because people just don't really check. Discord has really, really bad tools for kind of like fighting that sorts of stuff. But maybe, and this is a good reminder to tell you guys that I will never ever DM you first unless I've kind of like interacted with you directly in the Discord channel. We can actually see my role as admin there, but I'll never just cold DM you because I know how prevalent these scams are and I don't want to kind of like kind of train users to trust that I'm going to DM them. No, that's never going to happen. So just going to put that out there. And that should hold true for basically all of the big kind of like quote unquote influences in this space. You should always verify, even if they messaged you first, you should verify that it's them. Check their Twitter account like before kind of like applying to them. Make sure it's their actual Twitter accounts. And then, you know, their Twitter account might have been hacked. So be still cautious around that as well because it only takes one slip up guys because you can't get your crypto back. If you send crypto to one of these scammers or give your seed phrase or whatever, it's gone. And it's gone forever. You're never getting it back. So it really, really sucks, but that's the reality of it. So definitely you kind of need to protect yourself. But there's a few things you can do to protect yourself against most things. And this is definitely one of them. I metamask helps to protect users as well, which is very, very cool to see. All right. Another great Dune Analytics dashboard from Hilldobby today, which is basically a dashboard looking at the L2's, sorry, Dell 2's usage. So here is a dashboard on optimism DEXs. So this is, sorry, I screwed that up a little bit there. This is a dashboard that tracks a DEX volume, DEX metrics on optimism. So as Hilldobby says, volume transactions, users, aggregators, and more are tracked. And you can see the dashboard here. I'll link it in the YouTube description. But basically over the last 24 hours on optimism, DEXs have done $75 million of volume with half a billion dollars over the last seven days, a billion over the past month. And then you can see kind of growth there. And you can see the daily DEX growth here. Obviously there's been a lot of growth recently because of the OP token launch. Then that's why that spike is there. You can see the share in the market share. Unisop obviously has the lion share, but there's a new one that went live the other day called Valadrome that he's eating into them. There's also, I think the green one here is Curve, I believe. Yeah, Curve. And then the yellow seems to be Quenta here, which is a part of the synthetics ecosystem. And then there's a bunch of kind of like metrics down here as well. So, and if you keep scrolling down, you can see, you know, aggregators, all that sorts of stuff there, which is very cool to see. So definitely go check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description. And just a reminder here, I mean, I highlight Hilldobby a fair bit on the refill, but he has a bunch of very, very awesome dashboards, like some of the best dashboards I've seen on doing analytics for tracking a variety of things. So you can see here, looks rare versus open seed, NFT market overview, ENS airdrop, right? Ethereum gas metrics and the optimism ones that he's done. Like there are so many here. They're really, really cool. I love it. And he, you know, he puts them together really quickly as well. So definitely go check them out and give them a follow too, because he always shares these on Twitter. So you don't have to wait for me to highlight on the refill. You'll see it yourself on his Twitter account here. So I'll link it obviously in the YouTube description. You can go check it out and give him a follow. All right. So I just wanted to highlight this thread from Benjamin here, which is basically a thread going over the EVM. So you've probably heard of the Ethereum virtual machine or the EVM. I've spoken about it numerous times. But if you're like me and you find it more than slightly intimidating, below is my attempt at a basic guide to what it is and how it works. My attempt being Benjamin's attempt, right? You can go give this thread a read. I just wanted to highlight here for you guys because the EVM is obviously very, very important to the Ethereum ecosystem, not just on the technical side, but on the social side. I've spoken about how before with the EVM, with the EVM and how it's dominant across so many ecosystems, it reinforces Ethereum's network effects, especially for developers. So if you want to learn more about the EVM, how it all works, how it powers Ethereum, why it's so important, why it's so powerful, this is the thread for you. So I'll link this in the YouTube description and you can go check that one out. And just one other thing that I wanted to highlight here was a blog post from Hazu today where he kind of like captioned it by saying, as MEV is becoming even more important in proof of stake Ethereum, Flashbots is about to release MEV Boost, a neutral middleware that allows any builder to openly compete in making the best blocks. This is great for validators, staking pools and Ethereum itself. So if you want to learn all about MEV Boost, you can definitely go give this blog post a read. I'll link it in the YouTube description below for you to do so. As I mentioned, I think yesterday or the day before, I was talking about MEV and MEV Boost and solar staking, MEV extraction and all that sorts of stuff. This is related to that. So if you want to obviously learn more about that, you should read this. But I think as time goes on, MEV becomes more and more, I guess, like prominent in the ecosystem. It's more and more a topic of discussion. But I think there's also a bit of FUD around MEV. People sometimes framing it as if like, if Ethereum doesn't solve MEV soon, then Ethereum is going to die. No, it's not like that, guys. I think that even if we don't quote unquote, solve MEV, which I don't think there's... So solving MEV is not the right way to think about it. The way I think about MEV generally is that there are negative externalities that eventuate from MEV. And some of the most negative externalities include things like time banded attacks and just reorgs in general, and extracting a lot of value from users such as sandwich attacks. So the goal is to basically minimize that MEV as much as possible in a democratic neutral way, so that users don't suffer as many negative externalities, but also the extraction of that MEV is not just concentrated in a handful of entities, it is spread out across the network. And that's what all these tools are trying to do. In the long run, we want to try and eliminate as much MEV as possible, but I don't think we're going to ever be able to eliminate 100% of it. There is actually MEV that is needed in the ecosystem, such as arbitraging between different liquidity pools. Like you don't want to get rid of that, because if you did, in some way, I don't know how you would do it, but if you did in some way, you would basically get rid of arbitrage, which keeps markets in check, and it would be chaos, basically. So we definitely just want to focus on the negative externalities, as I mentioned. But yeah, if you want to learn more about this, definitely give this blog post from Hazu Arid here. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right, so just wanted to give a quick shout out here to Obel Network. They are hiring for a bunch of different roles here across engineering, community leads, integrations, protocol architects, product leads, and all that sorts of stuff here. You can see right here all the roles on my screen. If you're interested in working for Obel, definitely go to apply to one of these. If you don't know what Obel is, it is a DVT, or distributed validated technology, kind of protocol working on Ethereum staking related architecture, Ethereum staking related products. Not out yet, not available to use yet. They're kind of definitely waiting for the merge, I think, to be able to launch. But that means it's still early, it's still a small team. You can kind of get in there and kind of work for a startup that is very, very promising. Now, I should disclose I'm an investor in Obel. I think I need to just have like a... I'm laughing because I always say that, and I feel like I'm being annoying, but I think I should just need to have a website where I list everything I'm an investor in, so you guys can go check that out, rather than me always talking about it. But I mean, I'm an investor in it because I think that what Obel is building is key critical infrastructure for Ethereum, and it's obviously for Ethereum staking, and I think it's much needed. Now, if you want to know what it is and how it all works, I've got this video here for you that is timestamped to kind of like Obel's talk at DevConnect here. Definitely go give this a watch. It goes for about half an hour. It goes for half an hour. So if you want a 30-minute quick kind of like rundown of what Obel is before you apply for the role, just to kind of like get your head around it, you definitely give this a watch here, and see if you're even interested in it. Sometimes people just aren't interested in things, but you should definitely check that out there. And on this note as well, just got a couple minutes left here. I just feel like I should give another reminder, guys. Like Obel obviously is not the only team hiring. Every team is hiring, maybe except Coinbase, right? I'm sure you guys saw what happened with Coinbase. That was really bad, actually, them putting forward offers and then rescinding the offers after they just hired like 3,500 people, and then now they're just like, oh, God, we've got to stop hiring people. I don't know. That was weird to me. But just in general, like I would say like most teams are still hiring, especially the ones that were able to raise before, I guess, the last few months of the bear market. They're definitely still hiring. So definitely go check all of that out. Obviously, you guys know about the cryptocurrency jobs website that I always talk about. You can go check that out for the latest and greatest. But yeah, you don't have to just limit yourself to one project or one kind of like sector or category. There is plenty of things for you to kind of like do there. And on that note as well, I spoke about fundraising, especially for like private markets. I'm actually seeing a positive trend right now in the private market fundraising. The rounds are coming down, the valuations are coming down. And the reason why this is positive is because the private markets were still too hot. The public markets have obviously cooled down a lot, but the private markets being too hot actually made me bearish still. And I remember talking about this with you guys, I think a few weeks ago, that I was like super bearish that the private markets just still weren't coming down. In valuations and in what people could raise. People were raising, you know, 100 million plus for like game-fi ideas. It just looked stupid, right? But now a lot of those things are coming down, it's becoming harder to raise. It means that money is becoming more expensive, right? We have like all that cheap money coming, but now money is becoming more expensive. It obviously plays into the global kind of macroeconomic environment as well. But this is really positive, I think. Very, very positive. It's still going to be a while before we see kind of like the, you know, the bullish vibes come back to the market and things like that. But this is the stuff you want to see. You want to see valuations coming down on these things because, I mean, even during the bull market, they were absolutely ridiculous, made absolutely no sense. So I'm very, very happy to see that. But yeah, on that note, I think I'm going to end it there for today. So thank everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.