 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Grave Refuel, where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Dan that is, Asano, and today is the 24th of January 2022. All right everyone, let's get into it. So a bit of market volatility over the last few days, right? Markets have not been great. We're trending down to under a $2,000 ETH and you know, I talked about this last week, I'm not going to get into the price action. I'm sure you guys are probably sick of hearing about that. So let's get into some, I guess like project updates. But the first thing, which is kind of related to the price action, but I put out this tweet today where I said, Ethereum's resiliency during extreme market-wide volatility is probably its most underappreciated feature. And then I had to follow up this tweet by saying, since there's some confusion, I'm talking about the Ethereum network and not the price of ETH. I'm surprised there was confusion about this, but there was, you know, because technically Ethereum refers to the network and ETH and ETH refer to the asset. So I never called the asset Ethereum, but I know some people do. So maybe that's where the confusion stemmed from. But anyway, back to the point of my tweet here. So what this means is essentially, I'm sure you guys saw over the last few days, like during these kind of like really volatile market movements where activity like on-chain activity spikes really, really high across every chain, whether it be a layer one, layer two side chain, what have you, activity goes crazy because the market prices go crazy and there's R-bots and MEV stuff happening. It's just, it's just pretty, pretty active, right? During these movements. Now I'm sure you've seen with some other chains, they slow down, right? Or go offline completely. Ethereum obviously gets very expensive fee-wise because everyone's trying to get their transaction in and all this kind of like stuff happens. But Ethereum is special because of its resiliency, because of its liveness, because of the fact that it's basically, I mean, it's not impossible to take Ethereum down with a DDoS attack, but it's extremely hard because Ethereum basically has, you know, it's gas limit, right? Where it's not allowing anyone to just send the transactions. It has a functioning fee market that works to kind of like taper demand. So for example, right now Ethereum does about 13 transactions per second. So if you want to be one of those transactions, you need to outbid everyone else trying to be one of those transactions, because Ethereum's block space is incredibly scarce. But if you have a network that allows you to send as many transactions as you want to it, something like, you know, Solana or the obvious example here, then what ends up happening is that those transactions, because they're basically free, get spammed by bots, by kind of like, I mean, really, really bad MEV stuff. And because it's like cheap to spam, no one really cares. I mean, there's no cost to doing it, or at least the cost is basically negligible. Now what this does, it basically degrades the network performance and doesn't price out users from using the chain, because obviously the fees aren't going up or anything like that. What ends up happening is that regular users just can't get their transactions in because there's just too much spam going on. Now with Ethereum, I mean, the worst that happens is that you can't afford to pay the fee to get your transaction in and, you know, something kind of like bad happens, such as getting liquidated on chain or something like that. But, you know, it's kind of like a debate of what's worse, a degraded performance where no one can get their kind of transaction in because it's being spammed or high fees because, you know, the network's basically reached capacity and everyone's trying to outbid each other. I personally think that the high fee thing is better because it doesn't matter if the fee is like $500 to cover one of your positions, right? At least you can still do it. At least you can save your position. Whereas what happened with Solana is that a lot of people got liquidated because they couldn't save their position because the network wasn't allowing them to do so, no matter how much they paid. And I'm sure, you know, these people would have paid whatever it took to save their, the leverage on chain positions. That just kind of like one example there. So, and I think this is kind of like, as I said, here, my tweet, one of Ethereum's most underappreciated features is that because it trades off performance for decentralization and security, it also gets resiliency. It also gets a near basically guaranteed a hundred percent uptime in technically the Ethereum network has had a hundred percent uptime since Genesis, but there's no guarantee that it's going to have that into the future. But I think that having a, you know, relative certainty of 99.99% uptime is what is needed for a global settlement layer. I don't think you can have something be a global settlement layer if during, you know, volatile periods, even just during periods of high demand for the specific chain, it either goes offline or slows down to a crawl. Now, can these change kind of like chains kind of like fix themselves, fix their issues? I mean, they can put on band-aids and things like that, and they can do things like what's done in the web two world with quality of service and dropping, dropping transactions and DDoS protection and stuff like that. But it's all just kind of like band-aids, you know, and this is why a lot of us in the Ethereum community have been kind of like being in the drama about the modular approach where you keep layer one, basically how Ethereum has layer one, and you can do sharding as well if you want to. And then you do all the execution stuff at layer two, because these layer twos will also suffer from this, by the way, like this is, this is going to be true for anything that's trying to do execution in a kind of like an unbounded way. But the thing with the layer twos right now, at least with optimism and arbitrum, they still have a functioning fee market. And I, I think that it just becomes much worse on these non-fee market chains where they don't even have a mempool and they're basically just saying, you know, anyone can do anything they want and we'll, we'll service it. I mean, that's just not going to happen. I remember a few months ago, I was saying to you guys that I don't believe you can scale to the world at layer one because it's because the load that, I mean, the amount of load that comes through, especially from spam is just too great. And, you know, we've seen proof of this play out time and time again. So, and it's just funny how people kept calling that FUD. It's like, oh, you're just an eth maxi trying to kind of like spread this crap. I'm like, well, no, we're not. We're literally telling you guys what, what's actually going to happen. This is, this is the trade off. I mean, we didn't, Ethereum and even Bitcoin people didn't spend the last decade learning about how to scale blockchains properly without, you know, sacrificing decentralization and security, but also optimizing for resiliency and liveness. We didn't, you know, we didn't spend the last decade learning those lessons for nothing and that, and, and it just seems like every, I guess like bullmarket cycle, it just gets re-learned because it's just really easy during kind of like a bull market to basically say, Hey, you know, we have a super scalable chain, you know, it's cheap fees come and use us, blah, blah, blah. And then every, you know, the money's flowing, so no one really cares. But then when the market turns sour, people start caring. They will start taking notice and people start asking questions, especially because they're losing money too. Right. Because the target price is going down. So I think from that perspective, a lot of us who basically, you know, said that these kind of like super scalable or at least claim to be super scalable layer ones are on borrowed time. They're an inferior technology. I think we've been vindicated in saying that. So I think more and more people realize that the modular approach to blockchain scaling is the only approach that is long-term sustainable, long-term healthy, and long-term leads to the best results for everyone. And, you know, I did say before that, you know, this with Ethereum, you can pay like a lot of money to get your transaction included no matter what. But the thing is, is that in the future with layer two networks, with robust layer two networks, you won't even need to pay a lot of money to do it. You'll still have near certainty that you can get your transactions included no matter what. And when I say robust layer two networks, I mean, I mean, ones without centralized sequences. So they have a robust kind of like sequence and validator set that, you know, if one or two of them go offline, others can pick up the slack sort of thing. And then, you know, the layers have a robust kind of like a mechanism where they can actually post their transaction data and call data and all that sort of stuff to a layer one without any hiccups there. So that's going to take a little bit to get there. Layer twos are going to run into these issues as well. But the thing is, is that as I've, you know, as I've been preaching to you guys for months now, keeping layer one decentralized and secure means having a functioning fee market and keeping the capacity limited so that the chain can't be DDoS so that the chain doesn't bloat as well, which makes it much harder for people to kind of like verify the chain. And we don't sacrifice the one property that this whole movement is built on and that is decentralization. And then by extension comes security and by extension comes resiliency and liveness. And I've spoken about liveness at length before, so I'm not going to double click on that one there, but I think it's very, very important to take stock and reflect on all the lessons being learned now, or last few days, all the narratives being challenged and where the space is going to go from here. And I truly believe that regardless of what the markets do, I truly believe that by the time, I guess, like we, we kind of like have the next kind of, I guess, bull cycle where we get like a lot of new people in and things like that. We're going to have such an amazing and robust layer two ecosystem that people are going to be able to use that even when markets super volatile without having to get degraded performance. And we'll also have cheap fees too. So best of all worlds, of course, them. Now, one last thing I wanted to say about this tweet was a great thread from Swagdumas here, who basically talked about, there was kind of like that transaction dilemma that I spoke about that Polyne wrote about a few months ago, which basically it comes down to you either choose a fee market and price out users, or you don't and your chain goes down on your users more often than your SO. So a little bit of a joke here, but essentially, I mean, this is what I was saying, right? You have a fee market, you have a mempool, it does price out some users who can't afford to do this stuff, but at least, you know, some set of users can actually use it. And as I said, as the layer two rollout keeps progressing and it becomes more, they become more resilient, you'll get cheap fees and you'll get to inherit Ethereum's kind of like resiliency too. Or if you don't have this, you basically get spammed in DDoS and, you know, it's not good for anyone. Like not even the, no one can get their transactions in because everything's just being spammed. So I think that's just very something that to keep in mind, something to kind of like realize that, I mean, has been vindicated at this point. I'm pretty happy about this, to be honest. Like it was quite annoying for the last, I don't know, six months or so where the L1 narrative really took off and everyone was just screaming about how their favorite L1 had solved everything and it was all good and they had no issues. And I kind of like said, I mean, they're all going to run into issues, especially as they kind of like reach their own capacities or people start using them more. And that's exactly what happened. They ran into their own issues, then their worst issues than what Ethereum has in my mind. And maybe they solve them, maybe they don't. As I've said before, I don't think there's room for more than maybe two settlement layers. I honestly, I only think one long, long term, but I think, you know, you could have two potentially, but I really don't think that there's room for like 10 different execution layers at layer one. I actually think maybe there's room for one execution layer one and maybe, you know, Solana fixes their issues and becomes that. I highly doubt it. But you know, in terms of execution layers, I expect a lot more to blossom at layer two than at layer one. So the latest all call devs call wrapped up last Friday, and there's a lot to cover here. Tim Biker put together a great tweet thread, which you can check out in the YouTube description, but there's a lot of info about the merge and Shanghai in this thread here. So I'm not going to go through the whole thing. You can give it a read, but essentially a lot of updates, a lot of esoteric things, a lot of technical stuff going on across the whole Ethereum core kind of like ecosystem here. Still I'm expecting that blog post with, I guess, post-mortem and overview of Kintsugi to go live soon. I think Danny Ryan would actually put that out. So I'm expecting that to go soon, but I haven't heard anything about the merge kind of quote unquote being delayed. I mean, not that it has an official date or anything like that, but everything seems to be going well on that front there. So definitely check out this Twitter thread for more information on that. I'll link it in the YouTube description. So Eric Kwanner put out a great tweet yesterday. I think it was where he said, hung out with a friend this week that uses Ethereum daily, but solely lives on Arbitrum. Never touches L1, scaling is happening before our eyes and fast. And it got me thinking about kind of like how I've been saying for a while that everyone's just going to be living at layer two, right? No one's going to be touching L1 eventually. Like not even, I mean, even some of the whales are just going to be like, well, you know, why would I pay even, you know, even though I can afford this, why would I pay for it if I can do the same thing at layer two? Now, you know, Arbitrum and Optimism are quickly maturing as ecosystems. I think the only top app that they're missing right now is Ave and that's going live within weeks, I would assume. So other than that, they have pretty much everything you would want at this point. They have like Curve, they have Uniswap, they have other money markets on there. They have unique apps on there, like options protocols, things like that. They have NFT ecosystems. So there's a lot going on on those ecosystems right now. And you can pretty much do most of the stuff that you do on layer one in terms of DeFi. NFT ecosystem is still a lot less mature. The layer one NFT ecosystem is pretty big, but DeFi is pretty portable from layer one to layer two, which is really awesome. So, I mean, I've been doing a lot more layer two stuff lately as well. It just feels nice not to have to pay those, you know, really, really high fees on layer one and be able to do the same thing at layer two, whether that be kind of like DEX trades or doing some stuff with money markets or yield farming or anything like that. It's really, really cool to be able to do that and fast as well. Like, you know, as I've said before, I think an underappreciated aspect of these L2s is yes, okay, your transactions aren't finalized instantly, but they're confirmed instantly, which is just a much better UX than layer one, which, you know, can take anywhere from, it can take up to like one Ethereum block to more than one Ethereum block. But, you know, if you get into the next block and take up to 14 seconds to get your transaction in and you kind of like have to wait and there's nothing telling you that the transaction's pending unless you go to Etherscan. Like if you're using MetaMask, for example, MetaMask just has like transaction pending. It doesn't have like a countdown or anything like that. You don't actually know if it's going to go into the next block to get that information. You need to open up Etherscan. So it's just like all these clicks to go through. And then for newer users, it's just a very poor experience. So at layer two, I think the fact that the transactions are confirmed instantly is just amazing user experience and not even just for newer users, but for me as well. Like I love the fact that I can just keep, you know, moving around at lightning speed between all these apps without having to worry about anything and getting to do it on the cheap as well. And I think this is going to be most people, you know, I mean, all new people's kind of like experience going forward, especially because I mean, right now the tide has just kind of like been completely taken out. It's actually crazy how quiet the ecosystem has gone in just a few weeks because the price went down. But I think this is awesome because it gives us a bit more time to get these layer two ecosystems to be more mature, to get these kind of like on-ramps going and things like that. So by the time these people come around, when the market gets hot again, they're going to onboard to L2. We're going to have a proper kind of like big L2 season and these things are really going to take off. So I'm excited for that. But yeah, it's cool to see that kind of like Eric's friend is just using L2 now, just using Albatrom now instead of L1. And as I said, I'm progressively getting more and more of my stuff on L2. There are still some, a bunch of stuff that I do on L1 that I can't do on L2, but I'm obviously seeing more and more projects natively launch on L2 as well. So time is running out for L1, I think. Not to say that that's bearish for L1. I mean, L1 being replaced, I mean, user transactions on L1 being replaced with just like MEV, you know, arbitrage and layer two proofs and stuff like that is actually really bullish for the layer one. And as you've seen over the last, I guess like a few weeks when the price has been going down, network demand is still up. Like the gas price is still about 100 gueyes. It's gone down in USD terms because if demand stays the same in the eighth price falls, then yes, it'll go down in USD terms, but in eighth terms and gueye terms, it's pretty much remained the same. So that means network demand is pretty much the same, which is really awesome to see. And that means that people will just keep onboarding to layer two and not basically forgo it and say, oh, layer one is cheap now, we'll just wait. I'm actually glad that that kind of like layer one is still pricing people out because we need that to get people to layer two because layer one is not a longterm sustainable thing. So, so yeah, that's really cool to see. And I hope you guys are getting a lot of value out of L2 these days as well. So speaking of L2, Swagtimus put together the first StarkNet round up. So every week he's going to be summarizing all the notable events that happened within the StarkNet protocol and ecosystem, carefully curated, delivered straight to your inbox. So if you want to subscribe to this, you can go to swagtimus.substack.com and it'll give you a round up of all things happening within the StarkNet ecosystem. This is really, really cool. I love this. I mean, it's really, it's been kind of like wild to follow along with Starkware and StarkNet's kind of progress here. And I'm finding myself missing a lot of things these days. I mean, look at this. It's crazy. Like look at how many projects are already kind of like building or developing or doing things on here. I mean, like it's just going much faster than I would have thought it would be going. So it's really, really awesome to see. And he's got links to all this stuff in here as well. So you can go check all this out if you want to, but I highly recommend subscribing to this newsletter as well. If you want to get pumped up on things like, well, it pumps me up the most about just Ethereum and the alt-twos and this whole ecosystem in general is reading updates like this. Like I have a lot of newsletters that I subscribe to that kind of provide all these updates. And obviously whenever I put together the content for the refill and stuff, I, you know, I get pretty excited about it because it's just a really great way to, you know, no matter what the price is doing, keep your head screwed on and basically see the bigger picture. Because when you start seeing like all this progress being made every, you know, every day or every week, you kind of think to yourself, well, who cares what the price is doing in the short to medium term, like this stuff's real. This stuff has a lot of kind of like people building it. There's a lot of people using it and there's more people adopting it and all that sort of stuff. And it kind of keeps you kind of grounded and going. And this is basically what happened during 2018 and 2019, especially 2019 when DeFi started kind of like really taking off in terms of things going live. A lot of us in the Ethereum ecosystem was so excited about it at the time that that's really what got us through, I think 2019, because that was a brutal year for ETH's price in 2019, not just against USD, but against Bitcoin as well. It just trended down pretty heavily. But what got us all through that was sticking to the long term, realizing that things were being built. And I think the same is true for any bearish period for the price because the building never stops. I mean, the building's actually going to be much better this time around because so many teams got funded and they have funding in USD instead of ETH. Last market cycle, teams raised in ETH because of ICOs, and then they had to sell that ETH to actually get the USD. And by the time they did that, the ETH's price had collapsed basically. And they were actually directly contributing to the ETH price going down more. But now a lot of teams have raised in USD. They've got large treasuries, large war chests. And if they wanted to raise again, they could, because there's all these massive kind of like funds now. So I think it's a much different environment. And that means that I think that the cycles are going to be definitely faster. As I've said, I don't think we're going to go into a two-year bear market or anything like that. We are in a bear market in my opinion, but we're going to have to see what happens with the price and everything. But the best way to kind of like get through it is to basically ignore what the price is doing and just focus on the fundamentals and focus on the building. And one way to do that is definitely to subscribe to this newsletter. So I'll link it in the YouTube description for you to do so. So Uniswap announced over the weekend their multi-chain strategy. So basically, Uniswap is going to be deploying to all, I think they said, Ethereum compatible networks, which I take to mean like Ethereum compatible L2s and sidechains and L1. So obviously they're on Arbitrum Optimism right now. They're on Polygon POS chain. And I'm taking this to mean that they're going to go to EVM compatible networks such as Avalanche, C-chain. And when there's the Gnosis chain now, which used to be XDAI. And I think there's like Phantom, there's a bunch of these kind of things. And it makes sense, right? Like it makes sense for anything that's on the EVM to deploy to EVM chains. And the funny thing is, is just further entrenches the EVM into the ecosystem. So many people hate the EVM because they think it's in like a, it's an inferior technology, which to be fair, I mean, it's not the best technology in the world, but that doesn't matter. The best technology rarely wins. It's all about what a cruise network affects. And the EVM is second to none in terms of incurring network effects. Not to say that other non EVM ecosystems aren't going to take off. I'm pretty bullish on the StarkNet ecosystem, which is not EVM and not Solidity, but I think the EVM is going to be with us forever. I don't think it's going anywhere. And I think it's going to just increase in popularity and we're going to get stuff like ZK-AVM as well. So it's just going to further entrench it, but cool to see Uniswap detail their multi-chain strategy. It's only a short blog post, but I'll link it in the YouTube description for you guys to go check out. So Optimism put together a thread of everything that's been happening on their network over the last few weeks. So you can go check this out. Of course, it'd be linked in the description, but essentially there's so much happening on Optimism these days. As I was just saying before, both the Optimism and Arbitrum ecosystems now, I wouldn't say equivalent with L1, but pretty close to it at this point. And then this thread, Optimism basically details it and points out all the apps that are on there. So you can go check this out if you're looking for stuff to do on Optimism. I know there's lots of people out there right now who are kind of like, okay, well I've onboarded, what do I do? Well, here's a thread for you to go check out and go play around with all these apps. Go see what tickles your fancy, what you like doing and enjoy the cheaper fees and faster transactions as well. So yeah, I'll link this in the description for you. So Polygon, just a short enhancement from Polygon here, actually. They've renamed their Polygon SDK to Polygon Edge and there's a new look here and they're teasing that some more exciting announcements are coming soon. I think this actually makes a lot of sense. I mean, for those of you who don't know, the term SDK stands for software development kit. Now obviously this is a developer thing, but I think branding matters and Polygon does a really good job with branding. I mean, they obviously rebranded from Matic Protocol last year, early last year to Polygon. And now they've rebranded a lot of this stuff that they've acquired. Like Polygon Zero was MIR protocol, Polygon Hermes was just like Hermes protocol. And then there's, well, God, it's escaping me right. Polygon Myden, which I believe was still Myden when it was kind of like Facebook, but they put Polygon there. And this is actually really important from a marketing and kind of business development perspective, because immediately, you know, what ecosystem these projects belong to, right? It belongs to Polygon. And you don't want to have like two complex terms. You want to have like a brand that people remember. So something like Polygon Zero, I think is a really cool name and Polygon Myden and Polygon Hermes and then Polygon Edge. I mean, I don't know, maybe I'm thinking too much into it, but I don't think I am. Branding is very powerful. And it's, and as I said, it's a very powerful marketing tool as well here. And they've also got obviously Polygon Nightfall and a bunch of other things like Polygon Avail and stuff like that. But, but yeah, anything that makes it easier for people, for users to kind of like, or just people in general to whenever they think of a Polygon product to know the name off the top of their head without kind of getting confused, makes a lot of sense there. But you know, I think Polygon is going to have a big year in 2022 in general. I mean, you guys know I'm an advisor to Polygon. I don't have to disclose that again, but I think in 2021, they kick-started the, I guess like liquidity mining play on layer on, on like a layer one, right? Like not to say that probably on POS chain is a layer one, but you get what I'm saying, right? Like the native token incentives from these things, just like how layer twos are going to do them, just like how these Alt L ones have done them. They really kick-started that. And they kind of like showed the playbook and showed how it's done. And they've continued that with their acquisition. They've continued that kind of momentum with their acquisitions of all these roll-up teams and stuff like that. I think 2022 is going to be a big year where they actually release a lot of these kind of like roll-up stuff that they've been working on. And you just can actually play around with it and get use out of it. And I think there's a big upgrade for the POS chain coming soon as well. I believe they're working on V3 of the POS chain. So that should fix a lot of the issues that are happening there. And as you guys know, the POS chain is meant to be kind of like a stepping stone before we get to these roll-ups and things. But I think that the ecosystem they have there right now is going to persist for a while. It's actually a really cool place for experimentation to happen because the fees are relatively cheap. I know they spike sometimes, and this goes back to what I was saying at the kind of like start of the refill where I was basically, sorry, of this episode, where I was basically saying, you know, you either have a fee market, which kind of like once it gets, once the block space fills up and it gets saturated, the fees go up or you don't and the chain kind of like get spammed. But the chain can still get spammed with the fee market, mind you, because it depends how much capacity you have and stuff like that. And it depends if the nodes can keep up with it. But that's a discussion for another day. But yeah, I think Polygon is going to have a big 2022 with their roll-up stuff that they're working on. A bunch of other things they're working on, obviously like Polygon Avail, which is the data availability blockchain, which is a big narrative that's heating up lately. And I think that they're going to be doing some really cool things and really exciting things on the business development front as well. So definitely keep an eye out for all of that. So finally, Dune Analytics announced over the weekend that they have shipped Sign-In with Ethereum. So you can now connect your wallet to your account on Dune, going by going to settings, wallets, show your address on your profile, settings profile, and log in with your wallet and no other credentials needed. So apparently, according to Trent here, it looks like you need to have an account first to add your address, and then you can remove the email, which is kind of like obviously not the ideal way to do Sign-In with Ethereum. But I think they're working on it. They're going to be kind of like changing this, and Brantley mentioned it as well. This isn't the proper way to do Sign-In with Ethereum. But I think that they're working on it or have fixed it by now where you can just like simply sign in with Ethereum like the normal way. I don't know if they've fixed it yet. Actually, I'm just looking here. No, but they're saying they're going to be doing that. But still cool to see them kind of like committing to this and actually wanting to implement Sign-In with Ethereum. You guys know I'm really bullish on this. You guys know that I think this is going to be a really exciting thing if we can make this ubiquitous across the web, and not just web three, but web two as well. And I mean, it's a big deal, right? Like I think people underestimate how much of a big deal this is. And if you look up the history of Facebook, you'll see that the Sign-In with Facebook button was actually a massive driver for Facebook because every time that someone went to a website and they saw this kind of like Sign-In with Facebook or Sign-Up with Facebook button there, and this was like when Facebook was just getting off the ground in like the late 2000s, people would think to themselves, oh, okay, well, what's this Facebook thing, right? And then they could just click a button to sign up with it. And they all of a sudden have a Facebook account. So we kind of like Sign-In with Ethereum. I mean, it is a bit different, but it's the same concept where people will see Sign-In with Ethereum. They'll be like, oh, okay, what's this Ethereum thing? And they'll go figure out how to create an Ethereum wallet, which is a super easy process, mind you. And then they'll be able to sign in with Ethereum and they'll get like exposure to the rest of the Ethereum ecosystem. So I think this is going to be an absolutely massive deal once you get Sign-In with Ethereum integrated across more of this kind of like stuff, more of the web2 world, especially, but exciting to see Dune have this done here. I'm sure they're going to have like the proper implementation done soon. Now, before I wrap up today's episode, I've got a few minutes left here. So I wanted to just quickly talk about the, I know I said I wasn't going to talk about the markets, but I just quickly want to talk about the markets again. I know at this point with ETH being down, what, like over 50% since it's all time high, a lot of people are thinking, where's the bottom here? Like where's this going to end? Is ETH going back to the 1000s? Is it going back to triple digits? Is Anthony just shit posting on Twitter with all his bear posting? That's a yes, by the way, I'm completely shit posting. I have no idea where the bottom is, right? And I don't think ETH's gone 80 bucks again, by the way, I put a tweet like that. I'm not being serious. Okay guys. But as I said before, when I was going through the newsletter that's back to Mrs. Dwing, during times like this to get yourself through it, even if you're underwater on your bags or whatever, if you're underwater and you can't handle the stress from that and kind of like, you need the money, then you have to do what you have to do in that scenario. But if you're in it for the long term, I mean, you kind of like have to tell yourself or ask yourself like, okay, how long am I going to hold this for? Like, what's it going to look like? Am I still bullish on Ethereum ecosystem? Am I still bullish on ETH as an asset or the other assets that you're holding? No one can tell you what to do, right? You can listen to all the people in the world telling you how to trade, telling you when to buy and sell, but at the end of the day, no one knows for sure. And you know, if you have a million people giving predictions, obviously like some of those people are going to be right just by virtue of the fact that that's a lot of people giving predictions, but they're lucky guesses that no one actually knows where the bottom is, where the top is, how long it's going to take. You know, there's just lucky guesses. So I think maybe I think that the best thing to do in these kind of like periods, and this is speaking from experience, the absolute best thing you can do is hunker down, learn as much as you can, look for opportunities, because there's always opportunities no matter the market conditions, and make sure that you stick with it because you'll regret it if you don't, right? If you regret it, if you kind of like exit the ecosystem now, go do something else for a couple of years or a year or however long it takes and come back and the price is like way higher than than it is now or something like that. I don't know, like this is just kind of like how it plays out. Usually though, you'll regret it. I regret like when I did it back in 2014 when I kind of like sold my Bitcoin and didn't look at it until 2017. So and then I kind of like made up for it in 2018 and 2019. So I think that's what you should be doing at the moment. And as I said, don't know where the bottom is, don't know how long it's gonna last. It seems like we're completely tied to the macro economic environment right now. And as I've explained on previous refills, no one is an expert on the macro environment. No one can tell what's gonna happen there. I definitely have no idea when it comes to the macro environment. I know some things are gonna add a high level. I kind of like get it from a high level, but like I can't do deep analysis on it or anything like that. So kind of like whatever you see people kind of like talking about this on Twitter and saying, oh, the Fed's gonna raise rates, they're gonna tape out, they're gonna do this, blah, blah, blah. Like just know that they're just kind of like in the same position as everyone else is just trying to go through the motions, trying to see what happens, trying to guess what happens, trying to buy dips and trying to buy the bottom. I mean, and it's rare that you'll buy the exact bottom, but if you kind of like use a strategy like a dollar cost average strategy or anything like that, and you're happy with waiting it out, then that's probably the best way to go about it. But yeah, you have to use a strategy that makes sense for yourself there. But I think on that note, I'm gonna end it there for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.