 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sasano, and today's the 18th of February 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So Jesse Powell, the co-founder and CEO of Kraken, had a really great tweet today, following on from I guess like his parent tweet here, where he was kind of making fun of what's going on in Canada right now with the kind of I guess like bank accounts being frozen and all that sort of stuff there. But he was replying to someone and this person asked him, is it possible Kraken will be put in a position where they are told to freeze assets by police without judicial consent and you will probably comply? And then Jesse kind of like replies by saying, 100% yes it has and will happen and 100% yes we'll be forced to comply. If you're worried about it, don't keep your funds with any centralized regulated custodian. We cannot protect you, get your coins, cash out and only trade P2P. I thought this was like a very, very cool thing for Jesse to say, considering that he is a centralized exchange operator and people having their funds on his exchange and trading on his exchange is how he makes money and how his company makes money. So he's basically encouraging people to get off his exchange and go trade somewhere else in a P2P environment such as on a decentralized exchange. Now this, as I mentioned here, is pretty based. Like I really liked that he said this, but I think if we kind of look deeper here and kind of like deeper into what he's saying, he's basically saying not your keys, not your crypto, which is essentially the mantra of crypto, it's been in crypto for a while now, where if you're storing any funds on a centralized exchange, they are not your funds. Like they are the centralized exchanges funds. You have an IOU, the centralized exchange is basically said to you, hey, you know, you have this balance with us, we will honor that under normal circumstances, but there is no guarantee that you're going to get those funds out. Now those funds could be stolen in a hack, those funds could be confiscated by law enforcement, those funds could be just lost because of negligence, right, on the centralized exchanges behalf. There's lots of different ways those funds can go missing. So that's why I've always encouraged everyone, if they feel comfortable doing so, to get their coins off centralized exchanges and into their own wallet, especially if it is a material amount, like a material amount of your net worth, so to speak. So, you know, if 90% of your net worth is on a centralized exchange as crypto, eh, maybe you should reduce that, right? Maybe you don't withdraw all of it to cold storage, but you should reduce that risk considerably. And, you know, you might be thinking to yourself, well, I don't do anything wrong, like I don't, you know, do any kind of money laundering, I don't do any criminal activities. But I don't think that's the point. I think the point is that there are things that, I guess, like, the funds can be frozen for like any reason, and it doesn't even matter, like, your funds could be frozen because the tax office suspects you of tax fraud, for example. Even if you've done nothing wrong, there could be a process where your funds get frozen because of that, and you've got no recourse in that kind of environment. You just basically have to do what the authorities tell you to do. So, I mean, this is exactly why we're building all this sort of stuff in the first place. We're not building this stuff just to, you know, spin up Ponzis and have a bit of fun making some money. We're building this decentralized finance infrastructure to stop this from happening, because no one should have the unilateral power, or no entities should have the unilateral power to cut you off from the financial system with, I guess, basically a push of a button. Like, that is way too much power for any one personal entity to have. And that is, as I said, the foundation of why we're building this sort of stuff is we want to reject that. We want to reject that kind of, like, world. We don't want to be part of that anymore. We want to opt out of the traditional finance system. And I definitely keep, you know, my funds off exchanges. I don't keep any material amount on a centralized exchange. Yes, I have to use them to go in and out of fiat. That's just the way it is. And yes, I have fiat in a bank account for taxes and things like that. But look, there are certain reasons you have to keep kind of like money with centralized custodians and centralized kind of like places. And that's all kind of like fine if that's the case. But as I said, if you feel comfortable doing so, you should self custody. And you should also just use decentralized exchanges instead of going to centralized exchanges to do things. And for the most part, you can use DeFi for pretty much everything these days, except cashing in and out of fiat, of course. I mean, you can technically use it, but you're still going through centralized third parties. There's no way to do decentralized fiat on an off ramping. I mean, the closest you'll get is doing like peer to peer cash sales in real life, which are, I guess, wrought with scams. Like, I mean, the thing is, is that like there's no protection from like a cash sale. Like you could go somewhere, meet up with someone that could bring a couple of buddies that are hiding around the corner. You give them the cash and you're expecting them to send you the crypto and they just run off of the cash. Like, obviously, that's not a great way to do things. And it's a very high chance of kind of like scams and fraud in that environment, and you've really got no recourse from that. So, I think other than going in and out of fiat, you should be able to do pretty much everything you want to do within DeFi at this stage. Yes, of course, you know, some of the things, the costs are quite high because you can still only do it at layer one, but we're rolling out the layer two ecosystem to obviously rectify that there. But I think if you have kind of just funds on exchanges doing nothing, they're just like your cold storage. Don't use exchanges as cold storage. Get a hardware wallet like I've been a big proponent of the grid plus lattice before. It's an awesome device. Obviously, you can go with other hardware wallets as well, like the Ledger, Nano or the Trezor. Or there's a few others out there. Honestly, I've only ever used the lattice and Ledger. I haven't really used Trezor. And the Trezor people seem to be kind of like more on the Bitcoin side of things. So, they're kind of like slow to add support for Ethereum stuff and all that sort of stuff there. So, yeah, I don't think you can go wrong with Ledger or a lattice. I personally kind of like prefer the lattice. I think they're much more aligned with, I guess, like the Web3 Ethereum ethos than Ledger is. And obviously, there was that Ledger leak a while ago. So, kind of bad taste in people's mouths, of course. But, you know, there's other ways to secure assets too. But those are the most user-friendly ways. Like, you can do all sorts of things. Like, the funny thing is as long as you have the private key, you can do anything you want with it or the seed phrase. Like, you could split up the seed phrase into multiple different pieces. Give it to friends and family. You can make your own cipher. You can hide it in different...like, you can go crazy with securing your assets. You can do Shamir secret sharing. You can do a bunch of kind of like encryption things. I mean, there's so much you can do. You can do air gapped PCs. But this is getting like super technical. That's why these hardware wallets exist to just simplify this whole process for you and allow you to do this without having to go through all the complex processes. So, yeah. But anyway, I think I'm going to leave that one there for today. But I just felt it was really cool that Jesse kind of like called this out here. And just a reminder to everyone that not your keys, not your coins, just because you have an account balance on a centralized exchange does not mean that centralized exchange will and always will honor that and let you withdraw to your own wallet at all times. There are going to be times that they're going to be forced to freeze your assets, as I said. And there are going to be times when they lose assets or get hacked. That's just the name of the game when it comes in crypto. And that's why I always encourage people not to keep material amounts on centralized exchanges, if possible. I say if possible because if you don't feel comfortable keeping, you know, securing your own funds and you feel more comfortable just leaving it on a centralized exchange, that's totally fine, guys. I'm not going to shame you for that. But do realize you're taking risk by doing that. You know, the risk may be less to you than the risk of kind of trying to self-custody, but the risk is still there, I believe. All right. So Parathosh today put out a tweet that merge DevNet 4 is now live. So they're still working on getting the tooling links up, but the configs can be found at this GitHub repository. Now, what is this? Well, this is the test net that is meant as a dress rehearsal and a precursor to the Killin test net. So merge DevNet 4 is not meant as a replacement for Kintsugi. But, you know, please wait for the Killin test net announcement to migrate away from Kintsugi. So this is really, I guess, what the devs and kind of like researchers are working on right now. Obviously, getting all this sort of stuff set up for the next big merge test net, which is Killin, which is obviously coming up after Kintsugi. This is all, I guess, like working in the background. There's a meta spec for Killin happening right now. I mean, there is so much going on, guys. Like, it's just absolutely crazy how much is going on right now with the merge stuff. It's moving at a lightning pace. I feel like, I mean, I'm getting more and more optimistic about that June date. Like, it's obviously happening this year, but I'm getting more and more optimistic about that kind of like June date. And I'm getting more and more optimistic about the kind of like developers and researchers and their confidence around it. That's really encouraging to see. And, you know, Parathosh says here, the underlying power test net had multiple forks. So different beacon nodes detected different terminal block hashes. The chain, however, agreed on a block hash and moved ahead as expected. The chain is finalizing and we had no downtime with zero intervention and great test overall. So the tests are going well as well. I mean, this is for the merge DevNet 4. This is just awesome, guys. Like, I am so, so happy to see this moving along so nicely. I'm so happy to see that there's been no major bugs yet. I mean, it's always funny because sometimes you think, oh, if there's been no major bugs, does that mean like we've missed something? Because there's always that risk as well. You're like, oh, you know, it can't be. It's too good to be true that we got it this perfect, that it's running this perfectly off the bat. But sometimes that just happens. And there have been bugs, obviously, with the merge test net so far. But I don't think there's been any major showstopper bugs. I think the biggest thing was the newly kind of, I guess, like formulated attacks on Ethereum's proof of stake. But I think that wasn't from the merge test nets. That was already known from a while ago and they ended up being patched. So I don't even think that would classify something to do with the merge, to be honest. But I think they needed to be patched before the merge would go through, of course. So I guess it all intertwined at the end of the day. But yeah, just I guess like a little update on the merge for you guys today. But I will, of course, keep you all updated on all of that as I get more updates. So Sequoia Capital has announced that they're launching a $500 to $600 million crypto fund to invest in tokens. Now, this isn't tokens as in pre-seed rounds, pre-seed rounds, series A, like private rounds, right? This is actually them investing $500 to $600 million in tokens on the public market. That's why I'm highlighting this. Because obviously, a fund raising a few hundred million dollars is a dime a dozen these days. It's nothing special. But I think them committing to buying tokens or liquid tokens, I guess the ones on the public markets, with this amount of money actually signals, or at least I guess like signals to the wider crypto market that, hey, like there are big name investors out there that think that there's plenty of opportunity in the public market, still in the liquid market. It's not just all about getting into the seed rounds, getting into the private rounds and having the opportunity there. There's plenty of opportunity left in the liquid markets. And look, they're right. I mean, I've said to you guys before, like maybe not right now because I guess right now the market's kind of quiet. But generally, over the long term, there are still so many things out there that I believe to be not necessarily undervalued, so to speak, but like a goodbye for the long term. Now, I'm not going to tell you what those are. I'm not going to...because I mean, honestly, I don't have any kind of like special insight. Obviously, like I'm very long on ETH. But I think that if you do the research, you do the homework, and you look into these things, there are plenty of liquid tokens that are out there and that you can buy that will give you a good return over the coming years. And I think that's what Sequoia sees here as well. They're obviously still going to be doing their private investments and all that sort of stuff. I mean, that game for them is kind of like a pretty safe one because at the end of the day, if they get into rounds that the valuations are really cheap and then it ends up being a really successful product, by the time it tokenizes, they can make a return. This is what all the VCs and funds do anyway. I mean, I'm sure you guys have seen this play out plenty of times at this point. But yeah, them investing in public markets is really cool and something different for once. I wish more kind of like VCs and funds did this. I don't think Sequoia is the first kind of like VC or fund to do this. There have been some out there. I mean, a lot of the funds actually do public liquid kind of like investing. But the thing is that Sequoia is more like a VC. And I've explained the difference between VCs and hedge funds before, but the line is blurring there as well. It feels like they're kind of like both doing a bit of both and there's not really a delineation between VCs and funds anymore. But I think the way I still delineate them is that VCs have like a much longer time horizon of like 5 to 10 years, whereas funds are usually a few years. But even in that kind of respect, how can you have a 5 to 10 year time horizon in crypto on anything but really B2C and ETH? I think those are the only two assets you can actually have a 5 to 10 year time horizon based thesis on. Because think about even just like five years ago, what was like the hottest thing within crypto? This was 2017, I guess. The hottest thing in crypto, besides ETH, was all the ICOs. Pretty much all of them are basically worth zero or went down 90 plus percent. How can you have a 5 to 10 year thesis on ICO tokens from back then? You can't. There are a few big winners, of course, but your thesis was then not based on kind of like those tokens. Your thesis was based on things like DeFi. Like if you had bought Aave early on in 2018, not necessarily 2017, but in 2018, you did very well over the longer term. You know, S10X, same deal. Bunch of others out there, same deal. But it's just the industry changes way too quickly. There are gains that can be made much quicker than 5 to 10 years and VC-like gains, like 100X plus kind of gains there. So that's why I think the lines are blurring, where VCs are having much shorter timeframes. Also because things go public in a much shorter timeframe, like for tokenize. I guess tokenizing is crypto's version of going public. But in the, I guess, like traditional markets or in the traditional startup world, I think the last time I checked, it was an average of about seven years from seed funding or I guess like first funding to IPO. Nothing is like seven years from funding to token in crypto, like not even close. Most projects tokenize within 12 months of initial fundraising. You know, 12 to 24 months really covers probably the 99, well not 99, maybe 90 plus percent of projects in this kind of like space. So none of them get anywhere close to seven years. And I think, I don't really have an opinion on whether that's a good or bad thing. I think that the timing in crypto is always a funny thing because if you release your token in a bull market, well then your token is going to do really well. But if you release it in a bear market, it's going to do very, very poorly. It might spike up and then go, you know, and then trend down. But I think that during the kind of quieter markets and during the bear markets, this is when things can get irrational and where you can get scoop up the liquid tokens on public markets and potentially make that 100X on some of them. Like I don't know what, which one's going to do that. To be honest, I don't really pay much attention to the public markets these days besides ETH. They're very noisy. Like don't get me wrong. This isn't an easy thing to do, but the opportunities are there. If you want to grind, if you want to make it, so to speak, if you've only got a few thousand dollars to play with, then this is what you should be doing. You should be doing this deep research, looking into these things. You know, making sure that you can position yourself accordingly and just kind of like sit on the positions for a while. Like you're not going to be able to, especially in this market, buy something and then a few days later make a shit ton of money on it. The only place where that was still happening up until recently was NFTs. And that basically was just even harder to pick. So I think having the long-term thesis on specific sectors is always promising as well. But having a long-term thesis on any one asset besides maybe ETH and Bitcoin. I mean, I say Bitcoin because you can kind of like easily reason about BTC as a long-term thesis there. But ETH obviously is very easy to reason about as well. But just look at everything else. Look at even the top 10. Like could you give me, for any of the Ethereum competitors out there, could you give me a 5 to 10 year thesis? Would you be comfortable holding any of these Ethereum, quote unquote, Ethereum killers like Solana, Avalanche, Terra, I guess, kind of, a bunch of the others out there like Phantom? Would you be comfortable holding those things for 5 to 10 years? No, I don't think you would. Like I'm not going to speak for you. But like 9 times out of 10, I think most people would say, no, they wouldn't feel comfortable doing that. Because not only are these things part of like their own hype cycles, but they're competing with, like as I've said, the Ethereum layer 2 ecosystem. There's so many headwinds coming for them. And a lot of them are just unnecessary. So I think from that point of view, like for me personally, there is nothing in this ecosystem except maybe ETH, except definitely ETH, not maybe I should say, that I would hold for 5 to 10 years or feel comfortable holding for 5 to 10 years. Maybe a few of the L2 project tokens actually I would probably feel comfortable with. But again, like ETH is like number one and then second place is like a distant second in terms of kind of like holding there. But anyway, not investment advice as usual, but just something for you guys to think about and just I guess like my way of thinking about it as well there. All right, so the CoinDesk has this article out today that the Graph has a new $205 million ecosystem fund backed by MultiCoin Capital, Reciprocal Ventures and Digital Currency Group and others, which aims to accelerate the development of key projects in the data indexing networks ecosystem. So as I said, there's this article in CoinDesk that you can go check out for yourself if you want to read more information about this and see who's involved. But this is really cool. I mean, as you guys know, the Graph powers a lot of the crypto ecosystem, especially a lot of the DeFi ecosystem, their core Web3 infrastructure. Without the Graph, you wouldn't be able to get a lot of your fancy kind of like data on the front end. So it's very, very important that we have things like this. And you know, what I like about the Graph is that they're a project that really gets the Web3 vision and gets the decentralized vision. Like the founder of the Graph, Yanev, he really cares about decentralizing absolutely everything, not just the protocol contracts and the smart contracts, but the front ends as well. And you don't decentralize the front ends by having centralized data sources for those front ends. So the Graph is trying to decentralize out that querying for that data so that anyone can kind of like tap into that across the Graph nodes. And it doesn't become any kind of like central point of failure here. So that's really exciting to see that they've got a $25 million fund that's kind of, I guess, going to be involved now. Or ecosystem fund that's going to be involved. They also have obviously a token. They've got like token funds going on. I mean, they've got plenty of money flying around here, but it's just really cool to see more and more money pouring into this because this is definitely needed in the crypto ecosystem. So Oila on Twitter today announced that they have launched their Uniswap Oracle Attack Simulator. So you can go check it out or try it out at oracle.oila.finance. You can read more about it on this blog post, which I'll link in the YouTube description. So what this tool allows you to do is it allows users to simulate and quantify attack risks on Uniswap v3 TWAP price oracles. Now TWAP stands for Time Weighted Average Price. Now, what does this mean in plain English? Well, basically, Oila taps into a Uniswap v3 TWAP price oracles for different kind of like markets on their money market. And what a TWAP is, is basically takes a, I mean, it's self explanatory, right? Like a time weighted average price of an asset. So it weights the kind of, I guess, the time and then it gets like an average price over time. And even, you know, in some cases based on the trading volume as well and kind of like spits that out. So instead of just taking one price point in one point of time, like say, you know, ETH is $3,000. Instead of just taking ETH at $3,000, it averages it out over a certain period of time and then takes the average of all the prices that ETH has seen in that time. And that's supposed to make the oracle more resistant to manipulation, right? And supposed to make it safer to kind of like use as an oracle. So if you want to kind of get involved with this and try to attack it and try to break it and, you know, try to fool it, be sure to do so. I mean, this is actually really cool because you'd be helping the Oila team out with this. You'd be helping them out, test out their oracle, make sure that it really is resistant to attack and really does what it says it's going to do. Because what Oila wants to do is they want to use these oracles in order to make it so that anyone can spin up any kind of like market with any assets or any money market with any asset on the Oila platform. So if this sounds like something that's up your alley, definitely go check it out. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. So I don't know if I say this as lock protocol or locky protocol. I'm just going to say lock protocol from now on. But lock protocol was introduced today. So what is it? Well, Will Price, one of the people who worked on lock protocol has given a nice TLDR for us here. So what it is is it's a fair and efficient token distribution. Unsophisticated users will not get wrecked. It's MAV resistant, no gas wars and composable AF. So basically it's a generalized platform that enables protocol facilitated token distribution. It is a token sale platform in plain English, essentially. So what as Will Price says here, what are they hoping for is they're hoping that this is a way to fairly and efficiently distribute tokens. And make it so that people don't get wrecked. It's MAV resistant, all that really cool stuff. And of course, no gas war. So if you want to know how they all do this, you can definitely read more details about it in this blog post here. But they implement what's something called streaming auctions, which is an efficient and equitable price discovery mechanism that can be viewed as a special case of a TWAM, which was something that the Paradigm research team posted about here, which you can find a link to in this blog post. But basically, this is a visualization of how it works. Will Price has it here. So I guess you kind of got the tokens on the right hand side here and people get rewarded for it. And you can kind of just see it in the video here. Obviously, if you're listening, you won't be able to see the video, but there'll be links in the YouTube description. And you can see Alice has her ETH deposits being kind of like drained, getting these Gov rewards over time. So this is cool. I mean, look, I think token sales are hard to do. I think fair token sales are even harder to do. And I think fair token sales where the process doesn't go bananas and everyone doesn't get wrecked is really, really hard to do. So I'm hoping that this is kind of like a solution to that. I'm hoping this actually works as advertised. We're going to have to see how kind of like this plays out within a real kind of, I guess, real life scenario. It hasn't been launched yet. But I welcome any of these sorts of things because we've all seen like how many token sales have just been so poorly run. Like there's been a few successful ones with the LBP from Balancer, which is pretty cool. But a lot of them turn into gas wards. A lot of them get MEV'd like to hell. A lot of them end up kind of pumping and dumping like pretty, pretty hard. And a lot of them are basically just whale games. We don't want that. Like distributing a token is already hard enough. And if you're trying to do a token sale where you want to distribute it fairly, it becomes just, I mean, nightmare scenario for projects. Because how many times have projects basically died because their tokens did poorly, even though the product is good? So, so many guys. Like I don't think people realize how much of a part a token plays in a project's life in this ecosystem. Because a token is basically a way to get free publicity, free marketing. Well, maybe not free, but like, you know, a marketing publicity, building up a community, building up an army. But if the token is not appreciating in price and instead is depreciating and is losing lots of value over time, the community that you were able to cultivate is going to go away. They're not going to hang around. Like, especially if they're losing a lot of money. Say you launch a token and it goes down like 50% in a month, I mean, you're going to lose most of the quote unquote community members that you had gotten. Now, this happens for everything. This isn't just for new tokens. I mean, this has happened for ETH. Like, ETH had a massive run in 2017, 10 bucks to 1400 bucks in like a year. Then it dumped 94% to 80 bucks in another year. Look, I was there. We went from like everyone everywhere talking about ETH to basically only a handful of us sticking around. So this doesn't just happen to these random tokens in the ecosystem. It happens to even the biggest ones out there. And it's happened right now. I mean, look at how quiet the ecosystem is right now. And the prices haven't even gone down that much, like, you know, relatively. Like, ETH is what, $3,000 down from $5,000? We're not even down 50%. Like, come on, guys. And the ecosystem is basically like super quiet right now. The markets are super quiet. But, you know, that's...it is what it is. That's how this ecosystem has always worked and how it will probably always work, or at least for the foreseeable future, in that tokens drive a lot of activity. I mean, the markets drive a lot of activity. The prices of things drive a lot of activity. And if all your token does is wreck everyone that buys it and is down only, you're not going to have a great community. And the perfect example of this, actually, now that I think about it, is Zcash. Zcash has been down only since day one. And it's day one, was a long time ago. I'm pretty sure it launched just after Ethereum, I think in 2016. That's like six...coming up on six years ago now, guys. That token has done nothing positive for anyone. Like, the project, awesome. Zcash team, awesome. Researchers, awesome. They've, you know, they've been involved with the cryptography-related stuff, like Zero Knowledge Proofs, ZK, Snark, sorry, I should say, all that sort of stuff there. They've been heavily involved in that. They've done a lot of great work. But at the end of the day, the token has done really poorly. So they don't really have a big community. They don't have any attention on them. The only time anyone ever brings up the project is to talk about how badly the token has done. I mean, how often do you hear me talk about Zcash on the refuel? And I'm talking about it right now because I'm using it as an example of what not to do with the token. And the reason why Zcash was down only was because they didn't do a token sale. I don't think they did a token sale. I wasn't around back then, but I don't believe they did. But they had like a really high inflation at the start and they're on proof of work still. And because of that, they have miners constantly dumping the coin. And also, even though I believe privacy obviously is a huge thing, I don't think you need a separate blockchain for privacy. I don't think, you know, we should just have like one chain where everyone has to like own the Zcash asset in order to have privacy. Because look at what happens on Ethereum. Tornado Cash exists and you can kind of like get a user to mix ETH and some other kind of like tokens out there. We have Aztec Protocol doing privacy at layer 2. You're going to be able to basically send any kind of token and ETH in a private way and kind of like wrap it and shield it like you would in Zcash. So I don't really see the point of Zcash in an Ethereum kind of like world there, even though the tech is sound and the tech is good. And I think that's why, and another reason why the Zcash price is kind of like not done very well over. To say the least over the longer term. But yeah, anyway, a little bit sidetracked there, but I think it's always good to understand how these kind of like token sales work and why a lot of them end up being really poorly run. So definitely check out Lock Protocol here if you want to learn, and their blog post here if you want to learn more about their protocol and hoping to see them launch soon. All right, so last up here is just an interesting tweet from Greg Vardy, who basically has this kind of like, I guess, image and he's captioned it with DIE transpiled from Solidity to Cairo with Warp 2.0 versus its handwritten Cairo counterpart. Efficiency is almost exactly the same, and the transpiled contract is 10 kilobytes smaller than the native one. Now, quick refresher here, I've told you guys before that Nethermind has been working on a transpiler for developers to be able to just instantly port their Solidity code to Cairo, which is the language that is being used on Starknet. So using Warp 2.0, what Greg is saying here is that the efficiency is almost exactly the same between the Solidity version and the Cairo version, and the transpiled contract, which is the Cairo version, is actually 10 kilobytes smaller than the native one. That's really, really cool. And this is talking about the DIE contract. That's actually amazing that they've been able to achieve this. This means that you don't need to write your apps in Cairo again. You don't need to write, you know, from the ground up. You can basically just kind of like transpile it across, probably want to get it audited again or do some code reviews and make sure everything is running smoothly and do some testnets and things like that. But this cuts down a lot of development time for people to move to Starknet or to kind of like, I guess, like deploy their apps to Starknet. Could you imagine transpiling the whole maker system over or like part of like the wormhole system that they want to do or transpiling the whole kind of like arbor system over Uniswap, for example, and not having to rewrite everything. That'd be super cool. And I think that's the reality we're kind of like barreling down towards. So I just wanted to highlight that because I thought it was super interesting. But I think on that note, it's going to be for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all next week. Thanks, everyone.