 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the deadly gray refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Sassano and today's 11th of February 2022. Alright everyone let's get into it. So we all saw the inflation numbers yesterday I guess, or most of us would have seen them coming out of the US. I think it was a 7.5% CPI which is obviously very very high inflation. It seems that the Fed has let inflation well and truly run ahead of them and now people are kind of like thinking okay well this means interest rates are going to rise and assets are going to be risk off so we're going to sell things and you know go into cash and then just kind of like ride out the wave. Look I don't know what's going to happen short to medium term. I've discussed before about how I think like the macro environment is basically impossible to, at least for most people to kind of like analyze and make predictions based on. But one thing I did want to focus on was a tweet that I put out where I said, USD is inflating at near double digits and you're selling ETH, an asset that is going permanently deflationary this year for Fed bucks. Pure not going to make it energy. So the way I look at it is if you're going into cash right now, right if you're selling into cash and you're planning to hold cash for a while, kind of think about it where are you going to get enough return to not only meet inflation but beat it as well because there's flat USD inflation but then there's actually inflation in kind of like your purchasing power and I've kind of like discussed this before. I think I discussed this a couple weeks ago on the live stream I did with David Hoffman on Bankless where inflation may be 7.5% but your purchasing power for certain things is going down even more than that. So for example, used cars, not just because of inflation but also because of supply chain issues, I think cost 40% more in the US over the last year. Food is like higher than 7.5%. There's a bunch of other things like utility bills and things like that. So if you want to earn like 10% on your stablecoins and using a kind of like relatively safe way to do so, then you're keeping up with inflation and beating it by a little bit but only by like 2.5%. So your real purchasing power increase is only about 2.5% and then you compare it to things like as I mentioned, things that you actually need to buy like utility bills, food and all that sort of stuff and it just kind of gets out of whack, right? You kind of start thinking to yourself like why would I sit in cash for very long if this is kind of like the result here? Now, the thing is though is that you can sit in other assets like ETH, like I mean people like sitting in Bitcoin, there's obviously tons of other assets out that you can sit in but your risk goes up with it. Like the risk of sitting in ETH in the short to medium term is quite high because it's extremely volatile. ETH is not immune to going down 50% within a few weeks as we've seen, 60% I mean in May last year it went down 60% in like one to two weeks or something like that. So it's not immune to that but it's more about the long term, right? Like if you're planning to sit in cash for a year, that's a long time to be in cash for. I'm not talking about yield farming or anything, I'm talking about cash in a bank account where you're basically earning zero on it anyway. That's a long time to be in cash and your purchasing power is basically getting destroyed in that case. Like you are literally getting inflated away pretty heavily in that case. So what if you keep your money in ETH for a year? Well, you could buy ETH at $3,000, it could go back to $2,000 and sit there for the rest of the year. Your purchasing power goes down even more, right? But I'm talking kind of like a few years, five, ten years down the track. If you're looking for something to hedge against inflation, increase your purchasing power over time and not only that but also invest in like a hypergrowth industry, investing obviously in Ethereum, then for me personally I don't see how you can go wrong with ETH. Now of course, as I said, it is riskier and it depends on your situation as well. If you need the money, not everyone can sit in an asset for like a few years waiting on a return, but it should be part of like an overall kind of portfolio structure that you have. The way I kind of structure my portfolio is that I have like some cash, I have obviously like a lot of money tied up in ETH because I like to stack validators and things like that and stake with more validators, but I think you need to kind of like balance it out for your own situation. Everyone's situation is different and I think anyone taking either side of the extreme is wrong. Anyone saying who tells you that you shouldn't have any cash at all, I think they're wrong. Anyone who tells you you should be like 100% all in on ETH and Bitcoin and anything else and hold no cash, that's also wrong. There needs to be a middle ground, there needs to be a balance here and you don't have to be all in on one crypto asset or all in on just crypto. You can have like stocks and indexes and things like that. You could have like a few concentrated bets. I do believe that spreading yourself out way too thin is just a quick way to I guess maybe not so much like make you poor but underperform just like investing in ETH for example. I've explained plenty of times how most things underperform ETH over the longer term. So yeah, just generally, I mean when I saw this just that obviously the market kind of dumped a bit. I think that's just opportunistic traders and algorithms kind of like trading off of this. Obviously, ETH has like a ton of kind of like things coming for it this year with the merge and other kind of like catalysts. So the way I look at ETH is just like a high growth kind of tech startup still because I mean the growth that ETH has even at its current market cap is insane, right? And then also on top of that it's a story value. I consider it an inflation hedge. It is going permanently deflationary in June of this year or hopefully in June, right? We don't know exactly when the merge is going to be, but hopefully in June. So yeah, very much looking forward to all of that and very much think that I guess like anyone who plans to sit in cash for, I'm talking like mostly cash or all in cash for the next 12, 24 months. I just personally, I don't think that's kind of like the strategy that I would go with. Obviously, this is an investment advice, but when you kind of look at all the writing on the wall, it just doesn't make much sense at the end of the day. So yeah, anyway, just wanted to give a few comments around that one. All right, so the next merge test net Killen, and I keep saying this wrong I think, but someone's got to correct me on this, but K-I-L-N, you've probably seen this kind of word being thrown around, but it's the next merge test net. This one incorporates what is potentially the last major spec changes and now it has a milestone tracker as well here. So I'll link this in the YouTube description for you to check out, but you can see it's the same milestone tracker that we saw for the Kintsugi dev slash test net there with the six milestones here, or I guess technically seven because it starts from M0. So you've got like a few teams already kind of like powering through with M0 and M1, M standing for milestone obviously, and obviously they've got to get to M6 for it to be considered complete here. So very, very excited to see this. If this all goes smoothly and no kind of like spec changes are needed to be made for the merge spec due to this, the spec will get frozen and then we'll get release candidates, which means we'll get like a much better idea around the main net timeline and it'll come into like clear view. Right now it's a bit fuzzy, right? We can kind of see down the road, we don't know exactly where the date is, we don't exactly what kind of like date we're in, we can kind of see, oh yeah, maybe around June, July, but we don't have an exact date or anything. But as this kind of like test net continues, as kind of things, you know, if things go well, especially the spec can be frozen and then we can get release candidates out there and then it comes into complete clear view and we can say, okay, well there's the day, you know, here's how we get there and the merge is well and truly on its way. So I'm always very excited when I see these milestone trackers, I very much look forward to whenever these kind of get pulled out because of the fact that you get to like follow in real time all the different clients and the milestones that they're hitting and they get really excited about this too. I mean, I'm sure there's going to be plenty of screenshots on Twitter about this and about meeting these milestones. So I'm very much looking forward to that. But yeah, definitely check this out. It'll be linked in the YouTube description below. So speaking of Ethereum core protocol development, Alex Stokes here today, shared a link to a draft AIP to get beacon state routes into the EVM, AKA this is a requirement for beacon chain withdrawal. So this is, I guess like a state ETH being withdrawn from the beacon chain. This is obviously going to be coming in Shanghai. Well, that's the hope and Shanghai is the first network upgrade after the merge, which is, I guess like six ish months after the merge. So you can kind of go to the GitHub pull request here and you can see if you've got to kind of like files changed here, you can kind of like see the ERP or the draft ERP detailed here. And this is very important obviously because people want to be able to withdraw their state ETH of course. You know, a lot of people would started staking ETH when it was about five to $600. And now it's much higher than that, but you know, I discussed the other day how I think that most people are just going to continue staking their ETH. I really don't think we're going to have like a mass kind of like sell-off even when withdraws are enabled. I don't think we're going to have like a lot of people withdrawing at once. I do think that, and I also think that the bump in the APY due to the fact that all, you know, post merge all unburned fee revenue and kind of like all MEV is going to be going to validate is instead of miners, that's going to encourage a lot more people to stake. So we might just kind of like have this netting out over time where we get a lot more ETH staked in that six months. And then when the six months is up and we have Shanghai and people can withdraw their ETH, there might be a, you know, a few, a few people that withdraw and things like that here and there, I expect that to be the case. I don't expect no one to withdraw and sell, sell off their ETH and take profits, but I don't think it's going to be as big as people are expecting it to be. And you know, the funny thing is as well is that I think, I mean, when you kind of like look at what the APY is going to be, it could be 10 plus percent on ETH. And it depends on what the price of kind of like ETH is of course, but you know, I mean, and that also the, the price of ETH is going to dictate a lot of this as well. Cause if, okay, let's give a hypothetical scenario here. Let's say ETH when withdrawals are enabled is like 20 K let's just say, I mean, it's possible, it's entirely possible. So 20 K ETH and a lot of people started staking when ETH was $500. So that's a, that's a, that's a very big gain from $500 to 20 K. Do we make kind of like head math here? That is a 40 X gain. So people who are up 40 X on, on ETH, they're going to want to take some profits, right? But as I was saying, there's going to be an offset during that six months where new people are going to be staking because they want that APY. And to be honest, I think once you're kind of like set in your staking ways and you start getting those rewards out, I think a lot of people are going to change their mind about taking the profits as well. They're going to be like, maybe I'll take a little bit of profits. But the thing is as well is that if you sell, you know, if you only, if you say you have like 33 ETH and you sell and you, and because you've been staking and you've got some rewards and then you want to sell like three, right. To round it off to 30, well, you can't stake anymore. You need a 32 ETH minimum to stake. So that's going to prevent people from selling as well. Maybe people would just sell that one ETH reward that they have rather than, rather than more than that, because then they won't be able to stake anymore. They'll have to buy back anyway. So it's kind of like that kind of like train of thought as well. It's like, okay, well, you either sell it all or you, or you sell kind of like your, your rewards, but selling a portion of it is kind of like not really negotiable. If you're a solo stake, obviously, if you want to stake with a pool or a centralized service or anything like that, you can do that. But if you're a solo stake, and I think solo stake is like the diamond hands of diamond hands, to be honest, guys, like I really do think that the solo stake is like the never sells of either, at least a lot of them are. And obviously I fall into that camp, but I do think that those kinds of people will only kind of like take profits off of the rewards as well, rather than giving up their validators. You know, I, I tried, I mean, I, I've stacked eight for so long and so hard to, and I've said to you guys, I don't plan to ever sell my eighth because I want to stack as many validators as possible. And I want to earn the rewards off that. Now, I don't know if I'm going to sell the rewards or not, to be honest, like that's just, again, like the rewards are in eighth. It's not like the rewards are in stable coins or anything like that. So it'd be very hard for me to sell the rewards and actually count the rewards, like the staking rewards as part of my kind of like longterm stack anyway. So probably not going to sell that either. So when you take all that into account, I really don't think even when withdrawals are enabled, we're going to see any kind of a real kind of sell pressure, maybe from a, from a narrative point of view, but from an actual fundamental point of view, like tracking the eighth, I don't think we're going to see massive inflows to exchanges or massive kind of like sales on, on DEXs and things like that from people that were staking. I think a lot of people are going to choose to continue staking because of everything I just outlined there. All right. So I think the biggest news of the last 24 hours was that a critical bug was discovered in the optimism code base, uh, by a guy called Jay Freeman. And now for those of you who aren't familiar with who Jay is, he's actually, uh, the person who developed Cydia or Cydia, I don't know how to pronounce it exactly, but C Y D I A, uh, which is, um, an app store for jailbroken iOS devices. So this was, I think the most popular one by far. Uh, I, you know, the funny thing is I haven't jailbroken my iOS device in so long, but I remember using, um, Cydia or however you say it back then. And it was, um, it was a pretty cool thing to use, but obviously Jay is, uh, you know, a hacker man, right. As, as the meme goes, he knows he shit when it comes to, uh, when it comes to, um, code. Uh, and he also works within crypto too. Apparently, uh, he, he, he's been working with Orchid protocol for a while as well. So he discovered this critical bug, which basically would allow for, uh, unlimited printing of tokens if it was to be exploited, uh, which is of course an inflation bug, which is pretty much one of the worst bugs you can encounter. Now he was rewarded, uh, $2 million at, I mean, $2 million and $42, uh, for this, for, for these bug bounty. That is a nice payday, $2 million to catch this critical bug reported to optimism. Optimism obviously fixed that before announcing the bug and they, optimism also did the really noble thing of contacting, uh, Boba network and Metis, which had four folks of optimism, which had this bug as well and told them about it. And they were, they patched it too. So this is just, I mean, this is feel good all around a good, I mean, awesome for Jay. He just got himself a $2 million for this because if this was exploited, it could have resulted in a lot more than $2 million worth of losses. That's for sure. And these are obviously direct user losses. Um, and he's just kind of like, uh, helped a lot with, um, uh, with, with, with this and catching this and everything like that. And, you know, kudos to optimism for actually paying out such a large bug bounty as well. Now there's a few other things I wanted to discuss about this one. The major thing I want to discuss is this is why the L2s have centralized controls in place right now, guys, like this is the, like the main reason because they're young networks. Optimistic roll-ups is young untested technology in the wild. Yes, it's been alive for a few months now, and it's been kind of like being battle tested and more eyeballs on it, but it's still too early to kind of like remove those centralized controls or remove those training wheels because if this had happened and there weren't centralized controls in place and optimism was a decentralized network, they would have had to coordinate with a global kind of like worldwide validator and sequences and whoever else set and infrastructure providers and whoever else to patch this bug. And, and the thing is that could have leaked and then it could have been exploited. And we've seen kind of like this stuff happened before where it happened actually with, um, with Geth recently where they fixed the critical bug, then they announced there was a bug, uh, so people could update and then it was exploited before the patch could go out. So, uh, sorry, before the patch diversion, I mean, the patch version was out, sorry, but it was exploited before enough people kind of like upgraded and it led to a chain split. There wasn't, I mean, we got lucky. There wasn't any kind of like adverse effects there. Uh, for, for the majority of the network, but I mean, it still shows how publicly announcing this sort of stuff is, is, is not great because it'll be exploited straight away. If, especially if you've got details about how the bug works and things like that. So that's what the, there's kind of like controls are in place for, but I also think the centralized controls, uh, work very well to allow these teams to move fast, uh, not break things like move fast and break things is, is from the web to world. I don't believe in moving fast and breaking things, but I think that the L2 teams, because of the centralized controls, they can move fast and ship fast, right? Not necessarily break things because you don't want to be breaking things in with financial infrastructure, but, uh, moving fast and be able to ship fast is, is a key element here because not only are these layer twos competing with each other, they're competing with the monolithic L ones because they're competing on the execution layer side. So they're competing with, um, avalanche, they're competing with Solana, they're competing with, uh, Phantom, whatever other kind of like L1 you can think of. And a lot of those are totally centralized. Uh, they have massive kind of like marketing war chest and business development war chest and they can, and they move really quickly because of that. So the layer twos having their centralization and kind of like training wheels in place, I'm happy for that to be in place for quite a while. I know a lot of them plan to decentralize sooner rather than later, but the thing is, is that it's going to be a progressive thing where the decentralization will be done in phases. It won't be done all at once and it'll only be done when they're confident that, you know, the, the, it's been battle tested enough and kind of like we've done enough that we can do at this point and then we can kind of decentralize it out. So, so yeah. Anyway, great to see that no kind of like funds were lost in this and that was, it was patched and everything. Um, and yeah, I guess congrats again to Jay on get these $2 million. I'm sure it's life changing money for him. Uh, maybe not, maybe he already made a lot of money in the past doing other things. I'm not sure, but I think $2 million is not jump change, right? It's a, it's a, it's a nice bit of money for everyone. So, um, yeah, congrats again to J there. All right. So Swagdom is prime has shared a details of, uh, the first stock net core dev call. Uh, so stock net code has met to discuss protocol changes and updates. I think about 24 hours ago. Um, it's similar to the Ethereum, uh, core dev calls as a recording available here. And there was an agenda with, um, kind of like, I guess like links here as well. So if you want to check out this, you can, it'll be linked in the YouTube description, but really cool to see more public core dev calls happening on, not just from a theory and, but also from the layer twos, because really the layer two ecosystem is an extension of a theory and core development. They should be doing these sorts of things and they should be kind of like following, I guess like what a theorem has done in the past. And I think that they should be following the IP process as well when they started the centralized. So they could be like a, a stock net improvement proposal, right? S I S I S I paste. And then there could be like an optimism improvement proposal, OIM and, you know, arbitrary and all that sort of stuff. Right. So from that perspective, uh, the, the closer they are to kind of like how Ethereum does things, the better, I think. And I guess like stock where's started to do this with their, uh, they call dev calls public, uh, I think public core dev calls, or at least like the call is recorded and, and, and, and the recording is public. I'm not sure if it was publicly done kind of like live, uh, whereas Ethereum core dev calls are, but still, I mean, it's still good that they kind of like put a recording out and you can kind of go view that and everything there. So kudos to them for that. All right. So David Schwartz from, uh, polygon Hermes shared a research post today with ideas that, uh, Jordi Baylina, who also works with polygon Hermes and David had to improve the decentralization model for, for, for the Hermes ZK EVM project. So they had feedback from the polygon ZK teams now looking forward to receiving comments from the community. So you can go give this a read. It is quite technical. I wouldn't say that it's something that like, I totally kind of like understand from the first couple of reads that I've read it, but I, anything got to do with ZK EVM. I'm extremely excited about quick refresher. ZK EVM is the kind of like Holy grail of zero knowledge, um, uh, stuff right now, because it means generalized EVM using ZK proofs. And obviously polygon is investing a lot of money in this. They're working on this a lot and Hermes is, is one of the front runners there. There's obviously other teams too, like ZK sync and, and, and, and things like that. I'm sure Starkware is looking at it too, but they're kind of like going a little bit of a different, different road there, but yeah, definitely check this out. If you're more technically minded and you want to leave feedback for them. I think this was only posted like yesterday. They haven't got any feedback yet, but I'm sure someone would jump in soon. I mean, ETH research is such a gold mine, honestly, like there's a lot of stuff on here, obviously that's on like the bleeding edge of Ethereum research. And most of you won't understand that because like, I don't understand it to be honest. Uh, but you know, if you're kind of like technically minded, if you want to get more involved with research, you have to be on ETH research. I mean, you can't, you can't not be on ETH research. Let's be honest. So definitely go check this out. Olden Kidd in the YouTube description. So, uh, and that's another update out of polygon. So, uh, polygon Academy was, uh, was launched. So this is a newly launched free online school dedicated to onboarding web two devs into the web three ecosystem. So you can visit this blog post to find out how to join the polygon Academy here, uh, the rankings, um, and kind of like all these other, I mean, there's all these other kind of, uh, kind of documentation here for you to check out. They've got like levels and things like that, like apprentice badge, developer badge, warrior badge, wizard, wizard badge. And, and, you know, there's a discord channel you can join and all that good stuff there. I'm super excited about initiatives like this because I want to pull in as many web two people as we can into web three. Like, let's just drain all of the talent from web two. Let's let leave web two with basically nothing. Um, you know, not to, not to sound like an asshole, but really at this point, like web two, especially the monoliths in web two, they're not innovating. I mean, when's the last time Google did anything innovative, every single product, almost every single product that Google develops outside of search has either failed or they've just pulled the plug on. I don't know if you guys have noticed this following Google over the years, but they've really haven't done much. Um, you know, in terms of like the monolithic companies that are still kind of like innovating at the, at, at, at kind of like the bleeding edge and it's arguable, but Apple is, I mean, this is the reason why Apple's worth so much is because they are doing a lot of innovation there. Um, and then you kind of look at some other web two companies, uh, like, like, especially social media, like Facebook, where's the innovation like metaverse, sorry, Facebook, the metaverse isn't going to happen on Facebook. Like no one wants Facebook metaverse. No one wants the Zuck metaverse. It's going to be soulless. It's going to be lifeless. Um, so yeah, I mean, you guys know my view on kind of like web two and it's ironic cause I upload my videos to YouTube, which is web two, but, um, I think just in general, like if we can get the, you know, the smartest web two people over to web three and really drain that knowledge over, it'll just be a big plus for our ecosystem. So very, very excited to see that Polygon is jumping into the fray here with Polygon Academy. All right. So Alchemix is teasing something. That's for sure. They're teasing a bunch of different things. He has a lot going on in these teaser video, but not much kind of like, I guess like, uh, uh, uh, a lot, you know, not much kind of like data information. So we're gonna have to see what's coming soon here, but this is, this is really, really cool. I mean, Alchemix is one of those projects that have kept building through, I guess like the DeFi bear market, even though they were considered DeFi 2.0. I mean, that was just a meme guys. Like you saw it play out. It was like a meme and marketing thing where everyone was saying, you know, DeFi 2.0 blah, blah, blah. And it just ended the same way as everything else. But it doesn't just because the token prices went down, doesn't mean the products aren't still being developed. And Alchemix is one of those products that I've loved for a very long time where exactly you get, where basically you get to kind of like put in your funds, draw against it. And you don't have a risk of liquidation and it kind of like pays itself off. Like self-replaying loans is still mind blowing. I mean, it may be, it may be kind of like old news for us that have been in DeFi and crypto for awhile, but for most people it's mind blowing stuff and just extending this out and giving and getting access to this for more people is very, very bullish. So I'm very excited to see what this is from Alchemix and when they'll be kind of like releasing this. It's they say it's coming soon, you know, soon could be a week, could be six months, who knows, but we'll have to see kind of like what happens here. So yeah, just wanted to kind of quickly spotlight that. So RAC today announced the first version of what he's calling RACOS and you can access this at rac.fm, which is a web three enabled portal for all RAC holders, which is his social token here. So it's free for all to use, but has some unlocked features. If you hold the tokens, it's not a full operating system per se, but it is the base layer to build on and continue to develop for years to come. He had a lot of fun making it, he says here, and you can see there's a music player app with several unreleased tracks, including a 60 minute ambient mix for the long-term holders. So that's really cool. So I'm guessing only token holders can view RAC token holders can actually play this. And then for the long-term token holders, they can actually listen to this mix. And the thing is, is that you can't actually buy that, you know, unless you, I guess, unless you get someone to record it for you or to pirate it for you, to actually listen to it, you have to be a long-term token holder, which is cool. I mean, this is something that's uniquely enabled by crypto because that's a decentralized way of doing it. There's a bunch of different apps with kind of like a tour dates, discography, contact info, token addresses. If you're a patron subscriber, you can claim tokens as well. And they're also premiering their club and events space in the metaverse. This is cool. I mean, RAC has been a pioneer of, you know, NFT, metaverse, social token stuff, and he's really going the extra mile with it. He's not just trying to kind of like create something to, you know, enrich himself with a token or anything like that. He's trying to push the boundaries, trying to do something different. He's obviously very, he's obviously very passionate about creating music and making sure that artists are awarded for that. He always talks about how the streaming platforms aren't paying artists enough and how he wants to disrupt the music industry and all that sorts of stuff. And he's been doing this for a while. So, you know, he's just taking it the extra mile with this RACOS today. So very, very excited. He's obviously innovating here more than most people are in this scene. And that's what I always like to see from creators like this. All right. Finally here, just a shout out to Arbitrum who have a jobs kind of like board here at jobs.leva.co.ofchainlabs, where you can see all of their open positions. I can't remember if I've brought this up before to you guys, but I saw it again today and I figured, you know, why not? I'll just kind of say to say to say the refill kind of like watches and listeners, there are plenty of jobs out there for you to go and kind of like get involved with, whether that be at off-chain labs or some other layer two team or an NFT project or a metaverse project. I mean, if you can't find a job in crypto right now, you're doing something wrong. And I don't mean that in a bad way. I just mean that in a, there's so many opportunities right now. I never say it's all the time, but guys, like so many opportunities right now. And honestly, when you start working in crypto, you'll realize that it's not just, you know, a quote unquote crypto job. It's a lifestyle. It's like, it's a culture. It's so, so different to what you're used to in the traditional world and the non-crypto world. Like I was blown away when I first started working for set, like just how different it was. And especially because a lot of these teams are startups, it just kind of like completely changes it as well because, you know, startup culture is obviously very different to corporate culture and all that sorts of stuff. So if you're working at a big corporate or being enterprise, and especially if it's web too, and you're able to jump into crypto, do it, do it now. Don't wait guys, like do it right now. Go to cryptocurrency jobs as websites, search their foot for roles, apply to things, you know, get involved as much as you can, because it's the golden age right now for getting a career in crypto. Don't wait too long. Like, you know, you, you might be saying to yourself, oh, you know, I'll do it. I'll do it later. I'll do it later. And then like two, three years passes and you miss kind of like the really early adopter pioneer stage. And you kind of like regret that. That's what I, that's, that's kind of what my thinking was originally when I, you know, got a job at set in mid 2019, I was dying to get a job. Like I was looking for a job for six months actually from early 2019 to mid 2019 because there wasn't many jobs back then I was obviously in Australia. It was made it even harder with the time zone difference and everything like that. But set, you know, reached out to me and took a chance on me and it honestly changed my life. Right. So I think that don't wait guys, like just jump right into it, get into it, go on, as I said, the cryptocurrency jobs website, or go on off chain labs is thing here. I'll link this in the YouTube description. Check if there's a role that suits you because there's roles for everything and apply. Don't wait, don't hesitate. I think on that note, I'm going to end up with today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel. If you haven't yet, give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the discord channel, and I'll catch you all next week. Thanks everyone.