 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligay Refuel where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, TheAndalusAsono and it is the 11th of August 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So the girly merge is done as you can see here. We had pandas on the screen pop up as we usually do on the live stream. Hopefully you guys were able to watch that or kind of like tune in there on the bankless YouTube. If you didn't you can go give it a replay there. But it was fun, I mean it was just like the other kind of live streams of Robson and Sepollea ones. But that's it, that's the public testnets done. Now we wait for a mainnet TTD to be proposed which could happen on the consensus call which I believe is happening today. Or the all call devs call next week. There is already a document floating around, I don't have it handy right now. But it's a short document that basically proposes a bunch of dates or a bunch of TTDs and dates attached to that. Based on hash power changes on the network and I discussed this yesterday so I'm not going to rehash that here. But yeah, let's look at what happened with girly. So basically it was a bit messier than I guess Sepollea and Robson in terms of kind of what happened exactly. And there hasn't been any post mortems yet. I'm literally recording the refuel only a few hours after I guess like girly went live. I think if I can do my math correctly it's about seven hours later. And I'm recording it earlier today because I'm actually going to be doing something else later tonight. So I'm recording the refuel a bit earlier. But basically you can see here on the girly beacon chain website that participation is quite low. And I guess we are finalizing as you can see here Marius said that we are finalizing. And there was a bit of instability or confusion on the network because of two different terminal blocks. And lots of non-updated nodes so we didn't finalize earlier. So finalization happens roughly every 12 minutes on the network. And we didn't finalize earlier because of that kind of like that confusion on the network there. Now you can see here the participation rate right now is about 70, well anywhere from kind of I guess like 70 to 75 percent. And there's kind of like a few slots or blocks being missed here. The beacon chain website is also being a bit buggy today. You can see here that they're not kind of like looking at the most recent blocks. And not looking at the most recent epics either. So yeah basically don't take these sites as gospel when looking at them. Really the only thing that's going to give you the current state of the network is going to be your own node. Right if you're running your own node and running your own validator that's going to give you the current kind of state there. And there's also this visualization that people like to look at which I think is pretty cool. It just shows kind of like the blocks and I guess slots as they're called on the beacon chain here. And the kind of finalization percentage here. So why is this happening? Well I mean the same reason as it happens on other test nets. People don't update their software. The software can't it is misconfigured right. The beacon chain website itself may be I guess like throwing up errors as well. And I think the main difference between kind of like what happened with the Sepollea and Robsten merge and the Girly merge is that Sepollea and Robsten were proof of work networks. Whereas Girly is a proof of authority network running something called clique which is a custom I guess like consensus mechanism on there. So bit different behavior I guess like was to be expected here. But the merge transition still happened at TTD and the network is slowly recovering here. And it's only as I said it's only been a few hours. It's not like it has been a very long time here. And we should get kind of I guess like a recap of what happened from the core devs eventually. But yeah I mean even though it was messier than prior test nets. I don't know I look at this and I'm just like this just I mean even if this happened on kind of like main net. It would have healed itself very very quickly. But obviously on test net there is no real incentivization to get your validators up and running. Or to update your staff or to make sure that you're running fine. Because you're not losing any money. And you can easily troll kind of like these test nets. Because say you had a lot of go Ethereum or sorry goeth or geth or girlyeth right. Say you had a lot of that you could just send it to the deposit contract. Generate all these kind of like all these new validators and never spin the validators up. You can there's a lot of people who had a lot of geeth and just basically weren't wanting to troll kind of like the network. And they could and but that would mean that until kind of I guess like those validators get leaked out. We would have this law of participation here. So there's many number of reasons. Can that happen on main net? I mean technically it can but like you can imagine people scrambling to fix their validators very very quickly. If it's misconfigured if it goes offline for whatever reason. Or if it loses I guess like touch with the network for whatever reason. Because they're losing money if they don't. So look if I had to kind of like give an assumption here. And maybe this is a dangerous assumption to make. I don't know if dangerous is the right word. Maybe it's a bit of a kind of like an assumption a low chance assumption here. But I would say that we're probably going to see something like this during the main net kind of like transition. I don't think we're going to see you know 30% 40% of the network being offline. Or kind of like not voting and their validators needing to kind of like update or being misconfigured. But there will be some percentage like that for sure. Like there's no way that we're going to get all the validators updated you know from from the get-go. There will be for sure some people who forget to update who weren't paying attention. Or who updated incorrectly misconfigured whatever. Now do I believe that's going to be a showstopper? No not at all. I believe it'll be it'll kind of like heal itself very very quickly. I believe the chain will be fine. I believe I even like believe it'll be finalizing within you know the first epic on the mainnet merge. So yeah I don't know like I look at these things. I know some people kind of like sometimes have a go at me and say oh you're just sugar coating things. I don't think so. I think I'm trying to look at it as objectively as I can. And I don't see anything in what happened with Girlie today. Even though it was messier than prior testnets. I don't see anything that happened today that screams out to me that we need to kind of like test more. That we could could have done more here. There's not really anything that could be done. I mean at the end of the day we can put all the information out there. But if the people running the validators aren't configuring them correctly. Or aren't kind of like updating correctly. Well that's on them. Like some people will kind of like hit back on me when I say this. But basically being a validator on the network you know being a solo validator. Or being a validator in general comes with the responsibility. The responsibility to keep your software up to date. And make sure that it's configured correctly. Now can we make it you know as easy as possible for people to do that? Of course we can. I mean give them plenty of notice as well. But at the end of the day like we can't force them. Like we can't go into their computers and do it for them. Like at the end of the day it's the entities responsibility to do it themselves. So that's my kind of like view on that. But as I said we're going to have to wait a little bit longer for a proper. I guess overview of what happened to come out from the technical side of things. But it seems like the network is finalizing just fine. I've read some comments people running nodes on the network saying it's finalizing. Because the Beacon Chain website isn't up to date right now. But yeah seems the kind of like network has fixed itself up there. Which is very very cool to see. And if you want to keep I guess like on top of the I guess post-mortem here. And kind of like read from the voices that you are kind of like getting it the most knowledge from. There is a list from SuperFizz here of accounts you should be following on Twitter. Highly recommend following each of these people of course. Tim Byko, Danny Ryan, Parathosh, Vitalik and Ben Edgington here. Definitely go follow all of them to keep up to date of what's happening there. Now as I said next step is mainnet merge. Like we're there guys. Like we're only a few weeks away. In terms of TTD there might be kind of like some soft discussions about TTD on the consensus call. I'm not convinced that they're going to set one on that call. We'll have to see but you know if they don't it'll definitely be on the all core devs call next week. So we're about kind of like a I guess like we're in a week within a week or I guess eight or nine days of getting a TTD. So within the next eight or nine days if we don't get it today we'll get it on the all core devs call. And then we'll know a kind of like timeline. And I don't think that the timeline is going to differ from what we've kind of expected in the past. Like the week of September 19th. But it really does depend on I guess like hash power changes leading up to the merge. That'll make it happen you know quicker or slower or anything like that. So we're gonna have to kind of monitor that as well. But yeah that's the recap of what happened with Girly today. As far as kind of like I can tell as I said it's only been a few hours since it happened. So there's not that much information for me to for me to go off just yet. But I'm sure there'll be more coming out over the next 24 hours. And I'll be sure to cover any of that on tomorrow's refill. But anyway moving on from the merge stuff onto some other interesting updates from today. So Seth Hartland here who is the global head of policy at Ledger. Put together a really great thread about the tornado cache sanctions here. I highly recommend giving this a read. But basically the tldr of the thread is that this is the first time the kind of like US Treasury Department has sanctioned code. Instead of kind of like a person or a corporation. So they've actually sanctioned open source code. And you know obviously with that comes a lot of kind of scary things. Because if they're going to sanction tornado cache and kind of like say okay well we're not above sanctioning open source code. Then that means like any code is fair game. They could literally if they wanted to they could sanction the entire bitcoin network. They could sanction the entire ethereum network. And basically I mean this is the thing with these kind of like powers that are really really strong powers that don't require you know a lot of I guess like sign off for them to be enacted. Because they're I guess like quote unquote wartime powers right. The problem is is that in theory they could sanction ethereum and bitcoin. And what do you think is going to happen to all the centralized exchanges and all the centralized services that are supporting these networks right. They by law right they're going to have to stop supporting them immediately. Or else be at risk of kind of like paying massive fines or being held criminally liable for it and going to jail for that. So like that's the I guess like probably the worst case scenario is if the US government wanted to sanction the ethereum network itself right. Like that would be the worst case scenario. How do we defend against this? Well I mean it's hard because you have to basically go to court to defend against this. You have to basically prove in a in a court of law that what the treasury department is doing by sanctioning the ethereum network doesn't actually fit the letter of the law. And in the US specifically it doesn't fit with the constitutional rights that the citizens have. So what would I guess like it'd be kind of like wild to see what would happen. But immediately the US based entities would have to stop supporting the ethereum the network right. So what about the foreign entities? Well it depends on where they are because there are obviously a lot of countries that have extradition treaties with the US. And it depends how far the US wants to go with this right. Would they kind of lean on their allies and say hey you know this company is based in your jurisdiction. We have sanctions on ethereum and they're supporting ethereum. We want you to put a stop to this and of course they're going to put a stop to it. So it's kind of like it's not just about tornado cash. That's why when people kind of like speak up about this on twitter and say well it's you know tornado cash is enabling kind of criminal activity. It makes sense for them to get sanctioned. It's not about that at all. It's about sanctioning literally open source code. I mean and code is speech in the US. I believe there's a court case that kind of set this precedent. But basically you and that opens the door to any piece of code being sanctioned. And any piece of code being basically made to you know interact with it being illegal. Could you imagine them sanctioning any of the code that runs the internet. Like that that's the kind of thing here that they're doing. And I think when taking that view it gets scary. It gets frustrating because as I said there's not that much you can do in this case. You have to literally just take them take the US government to court over this. And the treasury department to court over this from my understanding. Because and just kind of like hope that maybe not hope but like kind of like present a strong argument and hope. That you kind of like win the case. But on top of that it feels like a very uphill battle right. Because you're up against like the US government itself. And building decentralized tools and Ethereum. I mean okay let me take a step back here. I'm rambling a little bit here but I'm trying to collect my thoughts here on this one. And trying to explain myself as best as I can. But you know just because they sanction Ethereum doesn't mean Ethereum stops working. I mean I'm sure validators within I guess like the network you know post merge. If they're in the US they'd probably especially the decentralized kind of like services and companies running validators. They'd probably have to shut them down right. So it would it would hurt the network that way. But in terms of kind of like Ethereum itself and its decentralization it would remain decentralized. You would still technically be able to use the Ethereum network right. But if you're a US citizen you'd be breaking the law by doing that if they sanctioned Ethereum itself. But and that's the thing like these sanctions they wouldn't really stop Ethereum or Bitcoin. Or any kind of like decentralized crypto network right. But they would essentially stop all the support from the centralized entities. So yeah I don't even know what I didn't want to think about what would happen in that scenario. It'd be very it'd be very dark day for it and this is the thing right. You would probably have people in the I guess non-crypto circles cheering this on. Saying oh well all crypto was good for was scams and money laundering and NFT scams and all these sorts of stuff. Not realizing that the power being kind of I guess used here is kind of like massive overreach from the US government itself. And I guess it kind of like pays to pay more I guess like pay more attention to this sort of stuff. Rather than having emotional reactions to it. And it's funny because you know you might think oh well as long as they go after these kind of like things that I don't like it's fine. But it's not about what you do and don't like it's about the fact that sanctioning code is just really bizarre. And really kind of like weird because it's basically sanctioning speech at least from the US centric point of view here. So it remains to be seen kind of like if this is going to be challenged in court. And who it's going to be challenged in court by the tornado cash sanctions. I don't know if the US government would go far as far as kind of like sanctioning the Ethereum network itself. Or sanctioning the Bitcoin network itself. But the thing is that they have the power to do that. And that's the scary thing is that they have the power to do that. They have the power to instantly force every single entity whether that be an individual company within the US to stop kind of like using and supporting Ethereum. Because those powers that they're using and kind of like the punishments that they have there are so harsh. I mean up to 30 years in prison if you break the law then if they can kind of like take you to court over that and get you sentenced. As well as massive fines like hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of fines. And obviously this is being done because those sanctions are usually put on hostile nation states. And they're usually put in place for reasons that we saw obviously with the recent Ukraine Russia conflict and stuff like that. But when you start sanctioning open source code when you start sanctioning the kind of like literal tools that people can use to do good or bad things. That's when it gets into very very murky waters at least from my kind of like point of view. And I think from any logical insane person's point of view anyway. Like I don't think there's any sane way to say that what the US government did here was actually good for humanity as a whole. I don't think it is at all. I think what they've done is very very bad. And I hope that they kind of like change course here or at least remove the sanctions from tornado cash. Without having to go through a whole lengthy court process because that's going to take years it's not an overnight process. We'll have to see how that shakes out over the next kind of like I guess few months maybe even years from here. As I said the other day it's a sad day in crypto that this happened. And it's kind of like gives something that hangs over our head now of you know what else is the US government going to sanction. Are they going to go after privacy coins like Monero and Zcash? I mean maybe they will right. I mean will they go after other privacy solutions on Ethereum like Aztec and Phonon network and other such things. Who knows you know we'll have to see how that kind of plays out there. But yeah definitely give this thread from Seth a read. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right on to the next thing from today. We have a really interesting tweet here from Cassie who is an investment partner at Paradigm. So this is basically a new website called gasguzzlers.wtf. And she's posted a little thread here with a visualization of how I guess like the Ethereum I guess a gas in Ethereum has been used over time. So on the left hand side here the access is the percentage of gas consumed. And on the bottom you have the dates or I guess like the years. Now you can see how this has evolved significantly over time. 0x actually accounted for a lot of the gas consumed on Ethereum for quite a while here. For basically all of 2018 and it was basically I guess like half in 2019. And then its market share has gone down considerably in terms of percentage of total gas consumed. And then you can see that you know throughout time as well Maker got big at one period of time. I guess during 2019 or yeah 2018-2019. Tether as well and then you had I guess DeFi Summer completely break out and Uniswap just became this dominant force. And I think that's also got to do a lot with MEV. You can see on the bottom here there's an MEV searcher that popped up as well. So DeFi Summer really kicked off Uniswap's dominance and kicked off I guess like the whole MEV story that we're used to. And then you can see the network isn't really dominated by one entity. Uniswap accounts for a lot of the gas being used. But it's not like back in the day where 0x was basically 100% of the network. And then you know MakerDAO ate into 0x a bit with a bunch of others below that you can see on the chart. But really these days it seems very diverse. And this is Ethereum layer 1. It's obviously not counting the layer 2 networks but it's still interesting nonetheless. And you can see that OpenSea basically didn't even register until the end of 2021. And then in 2022 where the NFT bull market really started in earnest as well. And then there's a bunch of other apps here as well that register and are labeled. So I think this is a really cool new website and tool. I love these sorts of stuff. And as I said you can go to gasguzzlers.wtf and play with the data yourself. And I guess it's got a better access here with better timelines. You can get a more granular view. And then you can kind of go down to the raw values as well down here. And this data I believe is coming from the nansen.ai service. So yeah I think the most interesting thing about this kind of chart for me is just how significant the Ethereum network has evolved over just a relatively short period of time. Right? And how you can basically pinpoint different events. Like you can literally see DeFi summer in this. Right? Like right there. I'm kind of like early to mid 2020 was the beginnings of DeFi summer. And you can see Uniswap just absolutely take off. Right? Because Uniswap was obviously one of the big beneficiaries because everyone was trading DeFi tokens, everyone was yield farming. And it was all through Uniswap. And you can see that Compound kind of like was the first liquidity mining or I guess the first big liquidity mining app to go to do. Sorry the first big app to do liquidity mining in DeFi summer. And then Synthetix as well had done it earlier and you can see their market share growing too. You can see Wrapped Ether grow significantly as well from what it was because of the fact that you needed to wrap your ETH to put it into DeFi protocols. And then you can see other DeFi protocols like Curve and obviously SushiSwap and obviously kind of like Balancer, Oneinch and other as well kind of start taking up more percentage of the network there in terms of gas fees. But I think it's really interesting this MEV Searcher kind of like story because that really didn't even register until the start of DeFi summer. So before that there wasn't really any MEV to extract. And MEV was a very very limited thing, was extremely specialized. It wasn't something that people were doing very much of. But then with DeFi summer came a lot more opportunity to extract MEV from people and that's continued until this day. And you can see MEV Searcher still accounts for not a large part of the network but still accounts for a decent part of the percentage of gas consumed here as well which is a very very interesting story. But yeah that Uniswap dominance is just crazy to me. I mean what's the percentage there? There's a website, tell me. I'd just love to know the exact percentage of what Uniswap's dominance is today. Yeah it's about 37% of Uniswap and it was only 6% in May 2020 and then by September 2020, I guess like the end of DeFi summer, it was 35%. So almost a kind of like massive increase here from 6% market share to 35-36% market share over the course of DeFi summer. And that hasn't gone back down either. Like Uniswap has basically, I mean what, it was like 35.7% here in September 2020 and then you go all the way to May 2022 and it's 37%. So it hasn't really, in terms of like total gas consumed, hasn't I guess like gone up very much but it has maintained that dominance and also Uniswap is on other networks like L2s and other kind of like EVM chains as well. So that's not counted here of course. But yeah that's just a very interesting story and I think that it was worth highlighting. So you can go check this out for yourself. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right so DeFi Saver now has DeFi Saver's automation tools for Aave v3 on Arbitrum now live. So you can enable trustless liquidation protection for your Aave position and know it will be protected while you get a good night's sleep or enjoy a few days away from a keyboard and keys. Now obviously you guys know my view on leverage but like just generally people are always going to do their own thing with leverage. So I'm not going to harp on about that here. But if you do have I guess funds borrowed on Aave on Arbitrum and you don't want to be liquidated and you want to be kind of like alerted or kind of like you want your position to be saved in case of liquidation, well you can use DeFi Saver for that. Now DeFi Saver is live on Optimism and Ethereum mainnet as well. So you have various options here of kind of like using this tool. And I think it's a really cool tool. I've used it before when I had like Maker positions open. And the thing is that even though you've got like a position open on one of these money markets, it doesn't mean that you're taking leverage out. Like for my Maker positions I usually borrowed stables and didn't buy ETH with it. I was doing something else with it and then I'd repay the stables at a later date. And obviously I mean because I'm collateralizing I have a liquidation price and I used DeFi Saver to make sure that I was alerted if you know there was a kind of like massive move there because obviously I didn't want to be liquidated. But I did have a very very low liquidation price. As I said I wasn't degen leverage trading ether or anything like that. So it wasn't that big of a concern but it was still a concern. And I think for people that use these tools for leverage trading ETH, you should definitely check out DeFi Saver and I'll link this in the YouTube description below for you to do so. Alright so speaking of Optimism actually, they've got now a new video here from Ori who works at Optimism Labs to explain Optimism in the simplest of terms. So this is on YouTube, you can check this out. Just wanted to highlight this for you guys because I know that there's still a lot of confusion around layer 2s. I do my best to try and explain it but I know that my, the way I explain it, I pretty much, like unless you're listening to the refill all the time, unless you've actually kind of like got a basic understanding of layer 2s, I tend to skip over the fundamentals of them and you may get confused because of that. So this video should get you up to speed because it's basically titled Optimism for non-techies. I haven't watched it yet, I'm gonna hopefully get around to watching it soon. But basically I'm seeing a lot of confusion still around layer 2s, around things like you know how censorship resistant they are, you know why they centralized today, where the funds are actually stored, you know how they differ, how the layer 2 bridges, the official bridges differ from third-party bridges and all that sorts of stuff. I don't know if all of that will be touched on in this video but in terms of like fundamentally understanding how optimism works and how layer 2s generally work, you know this video should be a good one for you. So you can definitely check this out, I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so polynomial protocol announced today, the next generation, the launch of the next generation of urn vaults on optimism. So these are built on top of lyra and synthetics and you can go to urn.polynomial.fi to check these out. So four months ago polynomial launched urn vaults and I believe I covered it on the refuel, which were the first ever fully on-chain option vaults. And now they're live with sta... sorry today they're live with the se call selling and se put selling vaults on optimism's mainnet and dynamic defy option vaults. Now with urn vaults v2 it introduces dynamic option vaults with partial collateralization, erc20 tokenize the vaults near instant deposits and withdrawals and multiple strikes across multiple expiries. So as the vaults are experimental there is a cap on them as well, I believe that cap has been there from the beginning too. But you can read the rest of the thread for more details on this here. But yeah, I know a lot of you have become interested in options over the last few months, I see you talking about it in the discord channel and you know you're using kind of like centralized exchanges and stuff like that. Well this is a protocol that may be interesting to you if you want to kind of go check out some options on here and do them on optimism, powered by two really other great products lyra and synthetics here. And it's funny, I started noticing people in the discord channel talk about options after the hell press bankers interview because on there he was talking about the options that he had kind of like bought. I think there were some kind of like call options that he bought with expiries in, I think one was in december and it was I think it was like a 5000 or 6000 strike or something like that and the way it would work is that you would have like the right to buy the eth at a lower price if the strike was hit. That's kind of like my understanding of it and everyone was like oh oh I'm super bullish on eth I'm gonna buy these and this is gonna be awesome and then I believe eth came down a lot and everyone's like oh oh because if the strike price isn't hit they kind of like expire worthless which means that just they're just literally worthless and you spent money on nothing so you really need to understand how options work and understand what you're getting yourself into. But if you do then yeah definitely check out polynomial protocol here it's another one that you might be interested in I'll link it in the youtube description below. Hi finally here we've some metrics out of cow swap so yesterday cow protocol smashed another new record the protocol handled more than 100 million dollars in volume giving it a 26 percent market share in the aggregator space. This is pretty cool and the reason I wanted to highlight this is because I know I've been bearish on I guess like aggregators before in terms of decentralized exchange aggregators because I think that something like a uniswap their brand awareness and everything is just really really strong but cow swap is not your regular aggregator right they are an MEV resistant aggregator they try to make sure that you're not getting wrecked by MEV or that you're not getting kind of sandwich attacked or any of that sorts of stuff. In that kind of like respect or in that kind of like vein I actually think that something like an MEV resistant aggregator could be very very popular and could actually you know attain a large market share. The market share in this chart is just comparing them against other aggregators I'd like to see them compared against you know the actual decentralized exchanges themselves which I'm sure there is a dashboard for that but I just don't have it handy but I just wanted to kind of like yeah retouch on the things that I've said in the past because I mean the reason why I've been kind of like bearish on these aggregators is as I said like I feel like it's all about brand awareness when it comes to decentralized exchanges generally and it's all about kind of like obviously liquidity and stickiness and stuff like that but people were bullish on aggregators because they were like well these aggregators get you the best price from from kind of like all these other DEXs all these other liquidity pools that exist on Ethereum why wouldn't you use it? Well the reason why you wouldn't use it is simply because you don't know about it and there's plenty of people who have absolutely no idea about these aggregators and they're just coming in and they're like okay well I'm going to use Uniswap because Uniswap has such strong brand awareness and such a strong presence it's basically everywhere so they just use the Uniswap interface instead of using an aggregator. So when it comes to I guess like attaining market share in this space I think one obviously there's awareness which Cowswap seems to be getting more and more of but also having a unique kind of feature here for the power users which is the kind of MEV resistant trades and making sure that you can kind of like prevent yourself from losing money to MEV. So yeah just wanted to make a little comment on that there you can check this out this kind of like chart I don't know if they've linked to Dunelog's dashboard no they haven't but I guess you can check out the chart if you're listening to the podcast it will be linked in the YouTube description below but that's going to be it for today so thank everyone for listening and watching be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet give it a thumbs up subscribe to newsletter join the disco channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow thanks everyone.