 Hello everyone, welcome to another episode of the Deligue Refuel. Wary capitalised news near the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, The Anthony Sassano and today is the 14th of January 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So, first thing I wanted to get into today was a kind of report that out of Bankless called the State of Ethereum Q4 report. So basically what this report does is it goes through, I guess like you could call it the quarterly earnings of Ethereum during Q4 of 2021. Now this was put together by Ben Jove, an analyst at Bankless here and you can kind of go read the full post or the full report, it'll be linked in the YouTube description. But the highlights were basically that Ethereum's kind of like Q4 was huge, like explosive growth across the board. So you can see here revenue was up 1777% to $4.3 billion. Now revenue here means essentially kind of like fee revenue paid to the Ethereum layer one blockchain, inflation was down from 1.13% to 0.46%. State ETH is up 471% to $8.8 billion ETH. DeFi TVL up 770% to $154.2 billion and layer two TVL up 11,000% from $50 million to $5.5 billion. Now I'm sure, I think they're comparing the Q4 2020 to Q4 2021. So that's why the growth is kind of, yeah, they are there. That's why the growth has been kind of explosive there, but that's amazing. I mean, in one year, kind of like the L2s went from basically nothing to $5.5 billion locked here. And there's not even native token incentives yet. That's that really kind of like, I guess, like sprung out to me, especially because like the generalized L2s only went live in like the second half of 2021 and Arbitrum and Optimism haven't, as I said, haven't done native token incentives or anything like that. So that was cool to see. Obviously revenue is up massively because fees are up massively, right? Like that's kind of like correlated there. And then inflation being down obviously from the fee burn and things like that. So, I mean, I highly recommend going and giving this report a read. It's got links to all the resources that you need and bunch more kind of like highlights in here, kind of looking back and the rise of DeFi 2.0, what the future is going to look like, kind of like trying to, I guess, like predict out what the network's going to look like going forward. Now, the thing is, I was looking at this report today, I was kind of reading through it and I was thinking to myself, you obviously have Ethereum layer one, which most of these kind of like metrics belong to, and then you have Ethereum layer two. So it's going to be a kind of thing where you have like Ethereum quarterly earnings report for layer one, and then you're going to have it for layer two as well. But are we going to break up each kind of like layer two network into their own thing? I think it makes sense to do so, right? So Arbitrum would have their own earnings report or their own kind of like report. Optimism would, you know, StarkNet would, the Polygon POS chain would, all these kind of things rather than just putting it all under kind of like a quote unquote L2 banner or a quote unquote scalability solution banner. And I think once we do that, it's going to be really interesting because as I've said before to you guys, a long-term terminal state of Ethereum layer one is going to be just mostly for layer two related transactions, whether that's kind of like bridge transactions, through the official bridge in and out or kind of like bridges like hop and connects, or whether it's kind of layer two call data and proofs, or kind of like, I guess, like cross L1, L2 communication, stuff like that. That's what it's going to be in a terminal case. So I guess like layer one's quarterly earnings is probably going to be quite boring, I guess. Like it's going to be kind of like more of the same every time. Whereas layer two is where the kind of like user numbers are going to grow. So you can start looking at things like active addresses on layer twos, volumes, TVL, of course, is obviously a popular metric, all those kinds of things. And you're going to get a very different picture between L1 and L2. And then, you know, I mean, I know there's higher layers now. And I know I've said I wouldn't use the layer three terminology, but I feel like if Starkware is using it, it's just going to become a thing because Starkware is obviously a reputable household name within the scaling space. I'm not convinced on it yet. I know they're trying to kind of like use, I guess, like the layered model, kind of like the OSI model. So if you Google the OSI model, it's basically the model of the internet. It has like seven layers to it. I don't know if that makes sense in the kind of blockchain context, but maybe we go there because it's just more intuitive for people that coming from the web to world to kind of like understand. But regardless of the terminology, they're going a bit off track there. I think that we're going to have to split out these things. And I do expect Ethereum's kind of like, you know, earnings reports to be just very, very boring, but boring in a good way where, you know, Ethereum layer one obviously is going to be that settlement layer. And it's, you know, ETH is going to be kind of like, well, Staked ETH is going to be this internet bond. And I think a lot of, I guess, like the world, not so much kind of like crypto native people, but a lot of like traditional world are going to look at ETH as just like this awesome exposure to the entire gambit of Ethereum, not just layer one, but layer two. And they also get to stake it to earn a kind of yield on it. So it becomes a de facto kind of like internet bond there. And then these kind of like quarterly earnings reports will be interesting to them because they'll be like, okay, well, revenue's up. That means, you know, that means kind of like fee burns up. That means more kind of like, I guess, pseudo dividends are flowing to ETH and kind of like my ETH's worth more because, sorry, my ETH rewards are worth more from staking, all that sort of stuff. And I'm sure these products will be packaged by TradFi kind of like institutions and money managers to sell to people who don't really follow this stuff closely. And they'll send out these nice little updates to their clients saying like, hey, you know, this growth, you know, quarter on quarter growth or kind of like year on year growth here, this is how it translates for you. And just like, I guess, normie speak, right, because like if you kind of like quoted this to someone not in crypto, they wouldn't understand half of it, right? DeFi, TVL, like just those two words. I mean, they're not words, kind of like two. Oh, God, what's the word? I'm missing the word right now for it. But just those two things, DeFi, TVL. I mean, who outside of crypto knows what DeFi is? Like, no one. TVL, no one because they're both kind of like things that are very, very crypto native. Layer two as well, like saying layer two TVL, staked ethers, I mean, it probably means something to more people than the other two things. But generally it doesn't mean much. So I'm sure kind of like the TradFi kind of institutions that packages up for their clients are going to translate that into, I guess, a traditional finance speak, right? At the end of the day, using terms like bonds and dividends and stock and kind of like, you know, equity and stuff like that. They're going to do that. It's going to be funny how the regulators treat that because they're going to look at that and be like, you know, you shouldn't be using this language because this thing isn't actually classified as a security and you're going to be confusing your clients. I don't know. We'll see how that pans out there, but I highly recommend going and giving this report a read. As I said, it's got all the relevant information in there and, you know, links to kind of like read more about it as well. So CoinDesk put out an article today basically covering that Teva, the issuer behind USDT, has frozen $160 million worth of USDT at the request of law enforcement without providing further details to CoinDesk. Now there's a broad discussion that can be had here about stablecoins in general, but I want to keep the focus on essentially centralized versus decentralized stablecoins. This is why we're building decentralized stablecoins. This is why I've said before that the holy grail of this industry is creating a truly scalable and stable decentralized stablecoin. Like truly decentralized, not something that's kind of like half decentralized or pseudo decentralized, something that can actually not be shut down. Law enforcement can't go after a central issuer and say, hey, freeze this person's kind of money because that's exactly what happens with the centralized ones. It's happened with Teva before and, you know, today from this report, it's happened with USDC. I think it's probably happened with other ones. We just probably haven't heard about it. And regardless of what it happens for, regardless if this is actually legitimate kind of like thing where money laundering was involved or terrorist financing or something or something else, the point is, is that if we're trying to actually build decentralized finance, you need a truly decentralized stablecoin because, let me put it to you this way. Everything, every single USDT or USDC issued, I'm not sure about the other centralized stablecoins, but I'm sure they have similar mechanisms in them. But every single one of these things that are issued can be frozen at any time. Doesn't matter where it is. If it's in a Uniswap pool, doesn't matter. If it's just in a wallet, doesn't matter. If it's in a money market, doesn't matter. It can be frozen at any time. Now, this presents a lot of risk for these apps because imagine all the USDT in a Uniswap pool was frozen and then it can't be moved. Logically, it'd be arbitraged away and then kind of like that market would be adversely affected by that. That USDT logically should be worth zero, right? If it's frozen and you don't know, you know, and Teva doesn't have any plans to kind of like unfreeze it or anything like that, it should be worth zero, which means the pool becomes completely imbalanced and there's a lot of arbitrage that goes on and the LPs get wrecked at the end of the day because the LPs end up holding a worthless USDT because everything just gets swapped out. And, you know, same goes for stable pools, just any kind of pools there. Money market, it means the collateral. You know, if you use kind of these centralized stablecoins as collateral, it means that part of it is actually kind of like insolvent. It can't be used anymore. It's worthless. And then what ends up happening is that people may get liquidated because of that or basically the protocol kind of like takes on that risk and takes on the loss and then has to cover it out of some treasury funds or something like that. So obviously huge risks here, not just for the fact that, you know, it might be legitimate or not, just kind of like huge cascading risks across the ecosystem. So that's why there's so many attempts at building a truly decentralized stablecoin. Now, obviously we have fan favorites like DAI, but DAI has come under criticism for having USDC backing it up. And then we have other things like MIM and UST, which have their own kind of like trade-offs and stuff like that. I'll be honest with you guys, I don't think there's ever going to be a perfect decentralized stablecoin. I think that we're going to get one that's good enough to evade most, I guess, like law enforcement requests and things like that. But I don't think we're going to get to a point where a stablecoin can be so decentralized and stable and scalable because you have to have those three things. There's no good having like a truly decentralized stablecoin that can't scale. So what I mean by can't scale, it can't actually kind of grow its supply over time to service the world. And to service the world, you probably need a supply of the trillions of these stablecoins, right? So if you can't grow to that and still remain truly decentralized, then it's kind of like a moot point there. And then also stable as well is incredibly important, right? If you're not stable to the thing that you're pegged to as a stablecoin, then the whole thing falls apart as well. And that brings up another thing where I think these stablecoins that are kind of like pegged to the US dollar still present a risk as well. And I think that there should be more experiments around pegging these things to other kind of like other stable points of value or baskets of things. I mean, there's things like RAI from Reflexer that's pegged to itself, basically, and it's just backed by ETH and it's kind of like governance minimized. I like those sorts of things. So there's obviously lots of experiments running in this space right now, but I think it's going to be a very long time before we get to a point where we have like, I don't know, but I even struggled to say like near perfect, but I would say like a satisfactory decentralized stablecoin that can both scale and remain stable. And it's hard, right? Like, you know, the funny thing is you don't actually know how a lot of these stablecoins fare, especially in the stability department, until it's like a massive adverse market shock. And typically what I mean by this is like a massive dump in the market prices. You know, there are mechanisms where if the collateral dumps really quickly, like with Luna and UST, there could be kind of like a negative feedback loop where it basically you have like constant redemptions and then UST loses its peg. This happened back in May. I'm not trying to fight the UST here or anything like that. I'm just kind of giving you an example here. And also the example of what happened to Maker in March of 2020, where essentially what happened essentially the price drops so quickly that some people kind of got liquidated and then they got zero for their kind of collateral and then Maker had to kind of make up the shortfall by issuing MKR tokens and then kind of like covering the debt like that. So these things may look like they work for a while and then a massive dump happens in the markets and they fall apart. So you have to be able to resist that as well. But yeah, I mean this kind of like, I guess, this freeze of the UST by law enforcement here, as I said, is not the first time it's happened for Tether. It's happened for USDC. I expect it to keep happening. These are the risks you take, you know, and you could even be caught in the crosshairs as well. Like you could be using tainted USDT or USDC, for example, right? Like in law enforcement probably isn't going to care. They're probably just going to freeze this and these centralized companies have to abide by that. If it is a lawful request, they have to abide by it. If not, they face the consequences of rejecting that. I'm sure they fight it, but at the end of the day, like especially if law enforcement comes and says this is related to terrorist financing, good luck fighting that. Like I mean, I'm not sure how close attention you guys paid to terror financing laws or just like terror laws in general. You don't want to be caught in the crossfire of that. You really just want to say, yes, okay, we'll do that because there's just too much kind of like power involved there. You put your, as a centralized issuer, it's just not worth it in terms of like fighting it. It's very, very, very bad to fight it. And that's just the reality of the situation. But anyway, I'm going to leave it at that for now. Just a little bit of a discussion on centralized versus decentralized stablecoins and why we should all be kind of like pushing ahead to using decentralized ones rather than these centralized ones. So David Mihal put out a tweet today that Binance has finally turned on Arbitrum withdrawals. So you can see here that you can now select various networks when you are kind of like withdrawing compatible assets. So you have Arbitrum one here with an arrival time of around five minutes and the fee is about $10. Now you may think that fee is quite high. I mean, relative to kind of like maybe some other networks it is, but it's much lower than what it would be if you were doing it on Layer 1, I believe. I think bridging in directly from Layer 1 Ethereum to Arbitrum costs more than $10. And I haven't verified the withdrawals on Binance here. I haven't logged into my, I don't remember if I even have a Binance account that's active anymore. I haven't used it in so long, but I'm sure you guys can log in if you've got one and kind of verify it as well. But I felt like more people should be talking about this. That's why I quote tweeted this and I was just like, that's something that I think like, especially Binance being a major centralized exchange, it's something that we've all been kind of like begging these centralized exchanges for, right? And it should be something that more people talk about. And Arbitrum lately has actually been having a really great kind of like growth spurt. I don't know if you guys have noticed. I think I've mentioned it before. They've been having a lot of really cool native projects kind of like deploy on there, get a lot of traction, things like Dopex and Magic NFT and a few others out there. And there's more coming as kind of like time progresses, like there's Premiere and stuff like that as well. So they've been having a really great time and I'm sure Binance having withdrawals for Arbitrum 1 here is going to kind of like supercharge that as well. Now, this is great. Like, I mean, AJ Warner from Offchain Labs here, let's give Binance credit for being a relatively early adopter. It's a big deal for onboarding to Ethereum. And yeah, I mean, kudos to them. Like I actually didn't think that they would be an early adopter here because of the fact that they have BSC, right? Binance Smart Chain. But I think Binance is just so big that yeah, Binance Smart Chain is probably a big part of kind of like the, I guess it drives a lot of value to BNB, right? Like their native token. I mean, no one talks about BNB, but it's the number third cryptocurrency by market cap. It's got like $100 billion market cap, but no one talks about it. It's always like the other kind of tokens in the top 10 and things like that. But BNB has a massive market gap and I attribute a lot of that growth to BSC, right? So for them to kind of like do Arbitrum withdrawals and deposits, I guess as well. So early, I guess I have to give them kudos here. I've been very hard on Binance in the past, especially on CZ who just seems to want a virtue signal about caring about decentralization. But I guess like they're such a large organization that there's probably a fair few people in there that really do care about decentralization and really do care about supporting these networks. And it just makes business sense at the end of the day, right? Especially beating players like Coinbase to the punch too. So really, really like to see this and can't wait to see more of these centralizing exchanges enable these sorts of things as well. So Tornado Cash is now live on Optimism. So this got deployed, I think yesterday to the Optimism networks. You can go, I guess obviously use Tornado Cash on here. For those who don't know, Tornado Cash is a mixer protocol, allows you to kind of like mix ETH and some other tokens in order to, I guess, like hide your on-chain footprint here. It works really well. It's obviously been on layer one for quite a while, but it works really well regardless of what kind of like layer it's on. And the fact that it's on Optimism just makes it much more accessible for people as well in terms of obviously having lower fees and faster transactions and things like that. So really great to see Tornado Cash deploy themselves to another network. I don't know how many networks they're on. Yeah. Okay, they're on a lot of networks now. They're on Ethereum, BSC, Polygon, XDA, Avalanche, Arbitrum, and now Optimism. So that's really awesome to see. I am curious to see how long it takes them to go to something like StarkNet because obviously StarkNet isn't EVM compatible. They have like a transpiler and things like that. So I'm curious to see how long it takes them to deploy to there because all these networks are EVM networks, right? Like, you know, Ethereum, BSC, Polygon, XDA, Avalanche, Arbitrum, and Optimism, all EVM equivalent or EVM compatible networks. So it's obviously much easier to deploy an app that was built on Ethereum to these networks rather than something completely new. And that's why you don't see a lot of Ethereum apps on something like Solana because they don't have EVM compatibility. I mean, I think they're doing it in the future sometime, but natively they don't have it, right? They have their own language, have their own OS, have their own kind of like whole ecosystem there. And that's why you don't see the Ethereum native apps kind of like porting over there at least quickly. I mean, some of them might port over, maybe rewrite their app or kind of like transpilot or something like that. But that is the major reason. So yeah, anyway, cool to see. Tornado Cache deployed to Optimism here. And I got 12 Optimism updates for you guys today as well. They announced a bug bounty program. So they're paying up to $2 million for critical bug discoveries as part of their bug bounty program with Immune-Fi. So as usual, if you are a developer or if you are a bug hunter or if you like just enjoy doing these sorts of things and you want to make a shit ton of money, then definitely go check this out. Obviously, catching a bug in Optimism not only is great for the money, but also great for your reputation because, I mean, Optimism is obviously one of the premier scaling solutions out there. And if you're able to catch a bug in something as high profile as this, then you're going to very quickly make a name for yourself. So definitely go check this out if that is you. Definitely not me, unfortunately. I mean, I used to try to learn to code and things like that. I mean, I did it for a little bit. I wouldn't say I was terrible at it, but it wasn't my jam. So there's definitely no chance I'd be able to kind of like be a bug hunter or be able to kind of peruse through code and find issues in it and things like that. To actually get to that point where you're a really great kind of like bug hunter or exploit hunter or kind of like white hacker, you have to have like a shit ton of experience, I think. I think you have to like know the languages back to front and things like that. So definitely not for the faint of heart, but if that is you, I know if that's someone you know, there is a lot of money to be made in that kind of industry there. So definitely go check out this from Optimism and ImmuneFi. And last up, we have a platocrat from the Optimism kind of like, I think he's from the Optimism team, I believe, or maybe from a few other kind of like different teams here, but definitely tweets a lot about Optimism. But he shared today a list of the most used protocols by transaction count on Optimism from the community made doing analytics dashboard. So you can see here the most used protocols are Uniswap v3, Perpetual Protocol, Synthetix, Hot Protocol, Lyra v1, Connext and Rubicon. Now, Uniswap, no surprise there. Perpetual Protocol, actually very interesting. They had been on like xDai and Ethereum main net now on Optimism and they're coming in second here, which is pretty cool. And then closed second. They're not really far behind Uniswap in terms of transaction counts. And then you have Synthetix and Hot Protocol. Hot Protocol being the bridge. Obviously, a lot of people are kind of like bridging in and out using Hop, number four, and then Lyra, Connext and Rubicon here as well. So just a little cool kind of thing to view, I guess, what the most used things are on Optimism here. So Argent is teasing a new DeFi integration on L2 that is coming Monday. Now, for any of you who follow Argent's Twitter account, you know that they kind of like have a lot of integrations going right now. I've talked about them before. I mean, you can see here that staking your ETH right now is so cheap with Argent using ZKSync and Lido. On L1, it would cost you 50 bucks. On L2, it costs $1.50. Like that is so, so much cheaper. And you can get started staking ETH straight away with Lido there, which I think is really cool. Now, this obviously isn't kind of like native staking where you kind of put your own 32 ETH in and everything like that. It's basically just swapping your ETH for STETH, which is staked ETH part of Lido. But still, I mean, you're still staking, right, you're still earning that kind of like reward there. But I'm curious to see what DeFi integrations coming on Monday. You might be able to dig around the GitHub and find this. I'm not sure. Like I haven't checked it myself, but we only have to wait a few days to see here. So I just wanted to kind of like bring that up just to kind of like get it on your radar, guys, that if you're using Argent, look forward to a new L2 DeFi integration on Monday. So Alinara, who is a frequent, well, I mean, not so much these days, but was a pretty frequent Daily Gui, a Discord member for a while there, has finally released their project that they've been working on. This is the reason why they haven't been as kind of like frequently posting in the channel recently is because they've been working on a project called The Union. So basically what The Union is, is if you join kind of like The Union, you can forward your bribe rewards from, I guess, like CVX or from Convex and Curve to The Union here. They collectively claim them, swap all of them for CVX, CRV, put it into an auto-compound and finally Airdrop uses the pounder shares here. So essentially this works to help people pull funds together to essentially kind of like get around Ethereum gas costs. Then as you can see, Alinara described it in the first tweet, if you're a CVX locker, but unhappy due to Ethereum's high gas costs, voting manually and or not knowing what to vote for, then you can join The Union and sit back and relax. I think these kinds of projects are amazing and awesome because I've mentioned this before, right, I think that these kind of like automated tools and especially things that kind of like batch kind of stuff together to lower the gas costs for end users are very much in high demand because there are a lot of, I guess, people, as I've said before, that come with a few thousand dollars, they want to earn a yield on it and they want to kind of like get involved with kind of like these kind of like rewards that you can get from putting stables into these protocols, but they can't do it because it's so gas intensive because you not only have the deposit costs, you have the claim costs and then you have like the swap costs and all that sorts of stuff. Those add up to like hundreds of dollars of gas fees. So with this tool, The Union, or I guess kind of like Llama Air Force, it's called here, essentially what you get to do is kind of like pull it all together and save on the gas costs and kind of like still get the same rewards, which is absolutely awesome. So definitely go check out the thread here from Alinara for more info about this and also kind of like the website here, Llama Air Force, and there's contracts and GitHub and all that sort of stuff there. But I'm really happy to see this finally live. I know how hard Alinara has worked on this for quite a while as well. They've been super passionate about these sorts of things. I remember kind of like debating them in the Discord channel about Curve and CRB, the token and things like that. But yeah, I mean, I love the passion. I love the fact that they've built something that people are definitely going to be using and definitely going to get a lot of value out of. And I mean, that's kind of like the Ethereum spirit, right? Like you get super passionate about something, you notice a problem with the thing that you're passionate about, and then if you're motivated enough, you go and kind of like build the solution and you can get that solution in front of like so many people very, very quickly and have a community rally around you. Because essentially, anytime you kind of like build one of these things for, I guess, like a product, say something like Curve or Convex, you basically inherit that entire community. And they kind of like put their energy behind you because they've got like a vested interest in these things succeeding. Even if you don't have a token for your application, these people probably hold things like CRV and CVX. And they're like, okay, well, this tool is going to allow kind of like more people to get involved with Curve and Convex and all these sorts of things, which means it's going to be good for my bags. I'm going to support this. And that's not a bad thing. Like, crypto is all about incentives. So the fact that you can kind of like play off those incentives, inherit communities instantly and get your project that you work so hard on in front of people without having to basically pay them off with issuing a new token is amazing. And that's one of the things I love about the crypto and Web3 ecosystems is that that can happen really quickly. Whereas in the kind of like the Web2 ecosystem, there's not really that dynamic because, you know, a lot of Web2 companies don't go public until they're worth tens of billions of dollars. And at that point, they don't do any hair drop or anything like that. And really, there aren't many people that kind of like follow along with the project in the early days and become like very feverish supporters of it. It's more of a kind of, I guess, like very top down approach. Whereas with these crypto protocols and these apps that get built on top, it's a bottoms up approach. So yeah, anyway, congrats again to Alinara on the launch and their team, of course. Really, really awesome to finally see this live. So another project that got announced today is called Token Flow Insights. So basically what this is and what they're releasing, or I guess what they're announcing is something called an Ethereum Data Warehouse, which is a fully queryable history of the Ethereum blockchain with everything you can get from a full node and much more. So this is based on the highly performance Snowflake database cloud here. And it has the full history since Genesis and is constantly updated with the head of the chain. It is a 15 block lag enforced to minimize the impact of reorgs. And what it contains is basically everything the other providers have that we're used to like Ethereum data providers, full blocks data, transactions, events, internal calls. And what others don't have is the relation between an event and the call that emitted it. So you can actually see where it resides in the processing tree. A lot of this stuff is going to be very valuable for developers and people kind of building analytics tools and all that sorts of stuff. So this is really, really cool. Like maybe for me and for you guys that aren't kind of like in the weeds of this stuff and don't kind of spend much time with this stuff, it may not mean much to you, but having really easy access to all of the data that lives on Ethereum on the Ethereum blockchain is critical. And getting that kind of like and extracting that is actually quite difficult because unless you're running your own infrastructure, you have to go through all these providers and some of them give you some features, some of them give you others, some of them charge you a lot, some of them don't. So there's always kind of like things going on with these sorts of stuff, but this is just another project tackling that and they're making some big claims here. So pretty cool to see this if their claims are actually all reality, then this is a big achievement. So kudos to them on this. So final thing here I just wanted to quickly mention, Alex Vanovic from Nansen kind of like shared this screenshot today that he basically said, almost no one uses BTC to pay for Nansen, which is a blockchain analytics platform. 50% of the payments are processed on Ethereum ETH plus stables. And you can see in the kind of like revenue breakdown here, ETH is in blue, USD is in green, so that's obviously fiat, USDC is in purple and dye in yellow, and then BTC in orange, which is basically nothing. You know, the reason why I wanted to talk about this was not so much kind of like this chart in particular, but it was more around the fact that, look, I try not to kind of like hate on BTC too much, but everyone that kind of like is a fan of Bitcoin, they are kind of like, I'm rather around two main narratives. It's a store of value and it's money. Well, no one's really using BTC as money, right? Like even in the countries that it's become kind of like legal tender in, there's not that much going on in terms of like using BTC as money. And in terms of a store of value, I mean, can you really say it's a great store of value? It hasn't really done much, right? Like it's the same price it was kind of like a year ago. I mean, you could say, okay, well, it's stored your value well because it stayed kind of like stable, but that's a mental gymnastics because it hasn't stayed stable. The USD has inflated heavily in the last year. So by holding Bitcoin, you're actually, you know, even if you're, you know, you'll break even in the USD price, you're actually down because your purchasing power has gone down. But regardless of that, I think, you know, when you kind of like look at what's actually being used as money, it's stable coins, of course, but also ETH. ETH is an incredible money within the Ethereum ecosystem. I mean, look at the NFT ecosystem. It's still priced all in ETH. Everyone uses ETH as money. Everyone uses ETH to pay kind of like gas fees because you kind of like have to, right? It's being used as money there. So, you know, we always used to call ETH as money. We being the kind of like hardcore Ethereum community through 2019 and even as early 2018, we got pushback for this. So people said, no, ETH isn't money. I'm like, what do you mean ETH isn't money? Even back then it was being used as money. And then, this was before kind of like NFT mania was even a thing. Like the biggest NFT thing that had happened back in that era was CryptoKitties, which happened in the 2017. But, and even ETH back then was being used as money too. But I think just kind of like looking at this, it's just amazing to me that Ethereum, the network has done everything that people wanted Bitcoin to do originally, or at least a lot of people wanted Bitcoin to do in the early days. And ETH as an asset is basically doing what BTC hope to do as well. So I don't know, when I look at these sorts of things, I just find it insane that people kind of like still rally around Bitcoin and still kind of like latch themselves onto Bitcoin and BTC. I kind of like get it from, okay, well, Bitcoin is very different to Ethereum in terms of like, I guess like its culture and its blockchain and what it's trying to do. But I just think Ethereum does it all better. And I know there's like holy wars about this and I know people fight about this. And a lot of the Bitcoin is think Ethereum is just like useless or a scam. But I just look at these things from like an objective point of view. And ETH is being used so much more as money than BTC by a large margin. And Ethereum network is doing, obviously way more than what the Bitcoin network is doing. But these days the Bitcoin network isn't really trying to do anything. I mean, early on, a lot of people wanted the Bitcoin network to do a lot more than it does. But those people kind of like left and went to other networks that would allow them to do that, because I guess like that's just how it kind of like shook out over the years. But yeah, I think on that note, that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all next week. Thanks, everyone.