 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligay Review. Where I recap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sosano and today's the 26th of May 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So apologies for not putting out an episode or newsletter yesterday. Unfortunately I had to deal with a plumbing emergency happened at the worst time, but I had to kind of like get that sorted and make sure that my house wasn't gonna get flooded. But it's all good. It wasn't, it didn't turn out to be that much of an emergency as I thought it was, but by the time I got it all kind of like fixed up, I was too tired to record the review. So I just figured that I wasn't going to do it. I'll just kind of like do a longer episode today. And well, today's episode is going to be quite lengthy. As you can see, I got a bunch to get through and I'm pretty fired up. I'm actually pretty pissed off at the moment and I'll tell you why. So there was this tweet thread from Martin Koppelman yesterday, who is one of the co-founders of Gnosis, talking about this seven block RE-ORG on the Beacon Chain. Now for those of you who don't know what RE-ORGs are, I'm not going to kind of like go into depth about what they are. It can be quite a complex topic, but I've talked about it before. Basically, the way blockchains work specifically, so not all blockchains, but like specifically like Ethereum proof of work, Bitcoin proof of work, Ethereum proof of stake, is that like blocks, I mean, especially in proof of work, there's no concept of finality, right? So the blocks aren't finalized. Technically, both Ethereum and Bitcoin can be re-orged to Genesis. So what that means is you can basically replace the blocks that have already been mined with kind of like other blocks. But in the case of kind of like this RE-ORG that happened on the Beacon Chain, it wasn't due to a kind of consensus issue, it wasn't due to a bug or anything like that, and it was already an issue that had been fixed and rectified. It's just that the clients that, so the issue got rectified in the clients, and there were a bunch of clients that hadn't updated their software with the fix in place. And the fix is what's called a Proposer Boost. So as I said, I'm not going to get into the weeds of all this stuff because it will take me forever to explain it, but essentially, Martin got like a wrong reading on what that was. Yeah, he was kind of relating this back to a paper or analysis that was done by Vitalik and Georgios here around RE-ORGs on the Beacon Chain. And it wasn't really kind of like relevant, I think. And then you can see here, actually, Preston Van Loon kind of like replied to Martin, said, we suspect this is caused by the implementation of Proposer Boost fork choice, which has not fully rolled out to the network. This RE-ORG is not an indicator of a flawed fork choice, but a non-trivial segmentation of updated versus out-of-date client software, a.k.a. people needed to update their software, essentially, right? So yeah, and just as well on this front, seven blocks in Beacon Chain is 86 seconds. Seven times 12 second blocks is 86 seconds, right? So it's not actually that long. I think some people look at seven block and think that it's like a Bitcoin block, which is every 10 minutes, and they think it's like a 70-minute RE-ORG. No, it's like 86 seconds. It's not actually that deep of a kind of like RE-ORG there. But that's kind of like orthogonal, I guess. One thing, and the reason why I'm kind of like really upset today is because people took this thread from Munn and ran with it, especially people who don't like Ethereum, such as the Bitcoin maximalist. No fact checking, no kind of like looking at what the core devs are saying and seeing what the actual issue is, no nuance, just, hey, here's something that happened on Ethereum that looks bad. We're just going to kind of like fight Ethereum with it. And it's really, really pissed me off because not only kind of like that happening, but also I'm sure you guys noticed today, the ETH Bitcoin ratio went down a little bit. I mean, it's not even down like that much compared to like what it's been doing in the past few weeks. It's just today kind of like dumped a little bit and everyone's talking about it for some reason. I don't even know why. It's just kind of like all coming at once. And people are like, oh, you know, people are selling their ETH because they finally realized that Ethereum is kind of like a petrol motion machine. It's deeply flawed and the merger is going to fail and all this bullshit. I'm like, what the fuck is going on? Like, I'm just in my mind right now. Like, I'm actually recording this earlier than usual because right now, I'm just like, what the fuck? To be honest, like I've got no idea what's going on. And I feel like people are literally just like overreacting to things because the price is going down. And the thing is, ETH isn't the only thing going down. Everything's going down. The entire market is selling off. So I don't know. But yeah, that's just kind of like got me fired up. And especially because, you know, you guys know, obviously I'm an educator. Whenever I see misinformation, I get really, really pissed off about it. But anyway, there was a kind of something that Martin said after he posted this tweet. Martin, by the way, isn't trying to fight Ethereum, isn't a bad actor or anything like that. And he said the amount of attention this tweet quickly got specifically from people not interested in Ethereum success makes me almost forget doing it. And then Vitalik replied by saying, you know, please don't regret it. Truth seeking is more important than not giving the wrong people rhetorical ammunition or whatever. So I actually, I agree with Vitalik, but like, I would actually take like a different kind of view on that as well. The problem with like truth seeking, especially on places like Twitter, is that most people are interested in the truth. Most people are interested in confirming their biases and kind of like spreading a narrative that is better for their bad, especially obviously in crypto, right? So I kind of disagree with Vitalik there that I think that putting out like bad information, even though you're maybe even unknowingly doing it publicly is not a great thing to do. Because as I said, people run with it, they kind of like spread it out to their audience and they don't correct it. And they don't kind of like follow up with kind of like the accurate information later on. And then it comes, falls back to people like myself, like a lot of people on Twitter, like Bankless, like all these people that do education to correct this sort of stuff. And it's super frustrating guys. Like it's super frustrating that like, this is like a never ending battle. I want to educate out of the love for Ethereum. I don't want to have to like keep, you know, all the time, keep correcting it. It's just, it makes me depressed to be honest. Like the fact that it's been so long since I've been doing this and we still see the same thing over and over and over again. I know it's never going to end. I know that there is a segment of kind of like the crypto community, you know, the Bitcoin Maxis and a bunch of others that want Ethereum to fail, that will use any information they can to make Ethereum fail. And I get that. Like, I'm not trying to be able to feel sorry for me. I'm not trying to say that kind of like, I don't understand that this is going to be the way it is forever. But it's just incredibly frustrating. But anyway, that's kind of like, again, just like, I guess a little bit off topic from the actual cop topic at hand. But for the best explanation on what happens, you should get read this tweet thread from Terrence from the prylabs team. So I mean, this is coming straight from the horse's mouth, so to speak. Terrence is a core dev. He builds the beacon chain kind of like software. So if anyone's going to know, it's going to be him. Right. So I already went through the kind of like TLDR. This was basically, well, I mean, the TLDR Terrence says, yeah, proposal boost is the defense against various LMD ghost attacks. It gives the on time block an extra boost for votes. So there was a bunch of attacks against Ethereum proof of stake highlighted a while ago. And this is kind of like the proposal boost is one of the fixes to those attacks. So we already knew about this, the attack. Like, I'm not saying what happened on the beacon chain was an attack. It wasn't from what I can see. But we already knew about this kind of like possible attack. And we put in a fix for it. And it wasn't because it wasn't a fix that required a hard fork. It was an optional. I mean, it wasn't technically it's an optional upgrade. So people don't have to upgrade because they're not going to get kicked off the chain or whatever, because it's not a hard fork. But because it's not a hard fork, less people updated. So those who didn't update means it resulted in what we saw was that seven block kind of like real there. But essentially, the proposal boost is kind of like a defense against that attack. And it actually works quite well against against that attack. From what I've seen, it's just that you need the clients to update to get there, right? Anyway, I would suggest reading through this this tweet from Terrence to kind of get a full breakdown on exactly what happened here. But I just want to stress, guys, that this was not a critical bug. This is not an attack on the network. This is not something that wasn't already known ahead of time. This was simply due to people not upgrading their clients because it wasn't a hard forked kind of like update didn't require hard fork to do this. And it's good that it happened now, right? It gets more people to kind of update before the merge. And speaking of the merge, I don't think this is going to result in a delay of the merge or anything like that. I don't think this has any impact on the merge, to be honest. From what I can see, you know, this would happen pre or post merge. It doesn't really matter, right? This could have happened after the merge. And, you know, I don't know if it would have been like worse after the merge or not. It just depends on kind of like what happened there. But yeah, I think, you know, given the fact that the big chain is going to go through another hard fork anyway to kind of like get itself ready for the merge. By the time that happens and people upgrade their clients, it's always going to have the proposal boost fix in place. So theoretically, 99 plus percent of the clients should have this fix in place before the merge happens because of the fact that they're going to be forced to upgrade anyway as part of the consensus layer hard fork for the merge. So that's that there. And then the final kind of like tweet on this that I put out before was people using the beacon chain seven block real is incident to say that a theory of proof of stake has failed is really silly. They don't even know what they're talking about and are just looking for literally any reason, a reason to fight a theorem. I did say the fight would increase the closer we got to the merge. And I mean, it's playing out exactly as I said it would. And it's just frustrating. As I said, guys, I know I seem a little bit flustered on today's episode. It's more than I'm just like really fired up about this sort of stuff. And I literally, it was funny. I got really fired up about it like 10 minutes ago or whatever. And I was like, okay, well, now fight me. And I was like, okay, well, now fuck it. I've got to record the refill now. Got to get this out there. I want people to kind of like understand that what they're reading from a lot of people that are, that are completely uninformed is just trash information. I encourage all of you to always question everything you say, question what I'm saying too. Like, don't just take my word for it. This is why I always guide you guys towards kind of like other people, other, you know, like I said, go re Terrence's thread, right? Go into the eighth R and D discord channel and see what's being discussed there. Don't just take any one person's word for something. And that, and this is exactly why I encourage you to do that because of the fact that I can get things wrong. Like I'm not infallible, right? Just because I think I'm giving you the right information doesn't mean that I necessarily am. I try my very hardest to make sure that I'm not spreading any kind of bad information. But that's why I always highlight that you guys should go kind of like read these things. And I think, you know, as I said, as we get closer to the merge, the fight is going to increase, unfortunately. And you know, probably after the merge as well, like Bitcoin Maximus always love to use like literally anything to say that a theorem has failed, proof of stake has failed, blah, blah, blah. And it's just like, kind of like, why do you guys care so much? Like I've always had that kind of like question in my mind. It's like, okay, the only explanation I can come up with of why Bitcoin Maximus care so much about Ethereum is that they view Ethereum as a threat. Now they'll say, I know, but Ethereum's not a threat. It's not money, right? It's not kind of like sound money. It is a scam, blah, blah, blah. But like, okay, but like there's so many other things that are actual scams in crypto that you never talk about, but you talk about Ethereum all the time and have for years. And literally every single thing Ethereum does is apparently like evil, right? So, and the only explanation I've ever come up with is the fact that they are scared, right? They're fearful of ETH kind of like gaining value on BTC being, you know, paying off, being a better investment over the long term. They're fearful of Ethereum kind of like, kind of growing more than Bitcoin, which it already has. And they're fearful of something like the flippening happening. And that's totally fine. Like I get that. I get that fear, right? I've had that in the past around some of the Alt-L1s, not recently, but like a while ago, especially during 2017. And when there were like other Alt-L1s that kind of like, and it was my first kind of, not my first cycle, but it was kind of like my first time experiencing the Alt-L1 hype. I was like, oh, okay, well, is Ethereum actually going to win? Is Ethereum actually going to be the thing that kind of like goes on and becomes like the big platform when everything else dies off? I wasn't anywhere near as convicted on that as I am today. And that's why a lot of the other Alt-L1s, whenever I see them, I don't really get scared or anything. I see them like, okay, like, why are they getting usage? Okay, because they have cheap fees. All right, well, I mean, long-term, I think that's unsustainable, blah, blah, blah. And I've explained this to you guys before. I have my reasoning for it now. But in the past, for sure, in 2017, even 2018, I was scared. I was like, oh, fuck, like, am I holding ETH? Like, is it going to go down because of these competitors? But this is the thing, guys. This is the natural thing of a free market, of a free capitalist market. There's always going to be competition, no matter what it is. Like Ethereum, DeFi apps, NFTs, whatever it is, there's always going to be competition. There is always going to be things that are a threat to your investment, to the thing that you're interested in. And if you can't stomach that, well, then, you know, you probably shouldn't be in this ecosystem because it's hyper-competitive. And yes, it gets frustrating. Yes, it gets depressing. The most frustrating thing for me is the misinformation, like, especially from other kind of like founders of projects. Like, there's plenty of the Alt-L1 founders that are spreading bullshit and misinformation about Ethereum. That's what pisses me off. I don't care that they got a bit of kind of like usage. I don't care that Avalanche, for example, copied Geth. Like, I think it's kind of like ironic that they copied Geth and then bashed Ethereum. But I don't care about any of that, right? And I do point out the flaws in these things. But I think what I do is I try to point out the flaws in these things and then kind of like reiterate why Ethereum doesn't have this and why Ethereum is the way it is because of the... It could lead to some of these other flaws playing out on Ethereum if it wasn't. So anyway, that's kind of like a 15... Almost a 15 minute rant there on all of that. I hope I cleared up a lot of this stuff for you guys. But as I said, like, please read Terrence's thread. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. Please, if you've got time, if you're interested, go into the ETH R&D Discord, read what's being said in there. And please study the kind of like things that Terrence linked in his thread as well, which is these kind of like attacks that were kind of like identified and the fixes for them. And in saying that, this stuff is inherently complex. This is core protocol level stuff. So don't feel like an idiot just because you don't understand that. I'm not going to say that I understand the technical details of all of this, but I understand that enough, I think, to realize that it is not a big deal and realize why it actually happened and what fixes actually in place to fix it. So yeah, please go look for more information on this if you need it. Don't just take my word for it, but I think that's going to be it on that issue or topic for today. There's a bunch of other things to get through, so I'm going to move on to those. All right, so SuperFizz put out a great little tweet here where he said six steps to the merge, which is his interpretation of this. This isn't kind of like what the Ethereum core devs have put out. This is SuperFizz's interpretation of these six steps. So we have the Robstin testnet fork happening on June 8th, as you guys know. The next testnet fork will be Sepolia, which is the new Ethereum testnet, and then Girly after that. And then we're going to have Paris, which is the execution layer fork to prepare for the merge, aka the fork on the ETH1 side, the Ethereum that we all know and use and love today. And then Ballotrix is the name for the consensus layer fork on the beacon chain to prepare it for the merge. That's that one I was talking about before. And then you have the merge, right? We hit the total terminal difficulty on the execution layer and the merge is done. One block will be proof of work, the next block will be proof of stake. And that's it, merge is done. Hopefully it's gone smoothly, hopefully nothing breaks, and we're all in like an Ethereum proof of stake world. Now, timing again, as I said, August high chance. Still, as I said, I don't think this real thing is going to delay that, but it could always get kind of like pushback from August. Like August is my estimation. It is not kind of like official data. It's not anything out there. It's just my estimation based on the information I have today. Now, the funny thing is I was actually talking to someone about this. Depending on the kind of like the difficulty bomb and depending on, I guess, okay, so let me take a step back here. TTD or total terminal difficulty is basically the difficulty of kind of like Ethereum mining, Ethereum mining difficulty, right? And that's what's been chosen to kind of, I guess, do the merge. Like that's when the merge transition will happen. Now, because of the difficulty bomb going off and because of the block times getting longer, it's going to be funny to see if, and because of potential of miners dropping off before the merge, it's going to be funny to see like if we set a TTD, we estimate it to happen in say mid late August, but then because of the block times getting longer and the difficulty bomb and kind of like maybe mine is leaving, the TTD actually doesn't get reached till September. So it's like kind of like, it's not a delay due to kind of like any human delay. It's more of a delay based on what the network did. So I don't know, maybe it could push into September because of that. But as I said, like I think that the initial kind of like timeline is looking like August right now in terms of kind of like when the TTD date will be set. But we'll have to see. But yeah, this is a great little summary from SuperFizz here. All right, so an interesting tweet from Mudit Gupta, the size of a polygon today where he said, Web3 is not about forced decentralization. Web3 is about the ability to be decentralized. It's about having the choice. Infura alchemy are not bad as long as you have the choice to run your own node. Custodians are not evil as long as you can self custody it as well. So I've talked about this before and I've written about it in my newsletter. The most bullish thing about this ecosystem for me has always been the fact that you can choose your own adventure, right? And I know I've spoken about this a lot, but basically what I mean by kind of like choosing your own adventure is that, exactly what Mudit says here. Infura and alchemy, you use those most likely to relay your transaction. So if you're using MetaMask and you're using the default RPC on MetaMask, you're using Infura to relay your transactions. What does that mean? Basically, every time you sign and confirm a transaction, it shoots your transaction off to Infura's nodes. Infura's nodes kind of have it in their mempool and then it'll get mined and put into a block. Now, is this the most trustless way to interact with Ethereum? No, of course not. If Infura wanted to, they could censor you. They could block your transactions and they could do that without the network being centralized, but they could do that because they're the ones running the nodes, right? Their nodes are centralized. But in saying that, and alchemy is the same thing, but in saying that, you can run your own Ethereum full node, right, locally on your computer or on a server, wherever you want to kind of like run it, then you can point your MetaMask RPC to that full node. Then you have a fully trustless experience because you're not going to censor yourself, right? You're not going to censor your own transactions. And unless someone was able to get control of your full node, no one can censor you, essentially. So that is the full self-sovereign trustless way to interact with Ethereum. Now, the reason why this is a choice is because it's exactly that. You can have your RPC as Infura or alchemy, or you can have your RPC as your own full node. That is what decentralization is all about. And in my mind is that we're not forcing people to use it, we're giving users the choice. And this goes back to basically everything within crypto. There's a million examples of this. You have the choice to self-custody your funds in your own wallet with your own keys, or you can custody your funds with a centralized exchange or some other custodian. It's a choice right there. It's a conscious choice that you're making. No one's forcing you to choose either or, right? You're making that choice yourself. You can choose to interact with the DeFi protocol directly, with the smart contracts directly yourself, or you can choose to use a front end, or you can choose to use a centralized front end. Like, you can use the... Sorry, I should kind of like change my wording there. You can use the front end that the team has provided. For example, you can use Uniswap's front end, or you could use a third-party front end such as Zappa, or you could use a centralized exchange as a front end, right? You could kind of like use even a decentralized front end, but you don't know kind of like what the risk profile is there. It may be more risky than using your own local one. You can use your own local one to interact with the contracts as well. Not many people know that. You can actually run... As long as the front end is open source, you can run that front end locally on your own PC instead of having to go to the website, and then just kind of like do everything like that. But again, you could run your own full node on your computer, and you could interact with the smart contracts yourself as long as you knew which functions to call to do what you needed to do. So again, choice, right? And maybe a lot of this stuff is sounding a little bit complex to you. Well, that's why I think what the onus is on the ecosystem, not so much to decentralize everything, which we aren't obviously trying to do, but also I'm making it easy for people to make the choice to be decentralized, to do things in a trustless way instead of using a centralized custodian or a centralized kind of like provider. And to do that is hard. Like for people to choose to use their own kind of like full node as their RPC, most people will never do that. Okay, so what's the next best thing? Light clients. Okay, where are light clients? Well, they're a technically hard thing to do. They're on the Ethereum roadmap, but we're not there just yet. All right, fair enough. Custody. I think self custody at this point in time is a solved problem. If you don't want to self custody, it's more of a social thing that you don't trust yourself to custody your funds. Otherwise, there's a million different ways to custody your funds. On your own securely, if you know what you're doing, right? There's hardware wallets. There's kind of like other forms of cold storage and things like that. There's kind of like cussing in hot wallets that you control the private key to, which I wouldn't recommend doing. By the way, I always recommend hardware wallets, but there are different, you know, various different ways to custody your own funds. That's not like something that we have to solve. Obviously, we can make it easier, but I think at this point in time, it's pretty easy, right? Like to self custody. And self custody is inherently going to be more complex than using a custodian. But it's still pretty easy to sit down. Like if you buy a ledger device, I mean, it's pretty easy to use. And they give you like all these instructions and everything. I honestly would feel comfortable giving my parents a ledger device and giving them the instructions. And I reckon they could go through the whole process of getting funds onto it. It's not a hard thing, right? So that's kind of like solved. But a lot of other things we need to kind of like get better at. But anyway, I'm going to leave it at that. So many more things to get through. And I'm already at minute 21. This is crazy. But yeah, maybe today is going to be a really long episode. But anyway, leaving it at that, thought it was an interesting tweet. All right. So just a quick shout out here to Rockerpool. So Jasper shared today that for the first time since its inception, Rockerpool is launching more validators than Lido. The markets are taking notice and hopefully balancing out the staking shares. So I think, and Jasper was quote tweeting a tweet from Data Always who said, the SDE D peg seems to have temporarily paused Lido centralization concerns until market forces pushed the peg back into a quality Lido inflows will be dramatically slowed. Rockerpool inflows are twice that of Lido since the latest drop on Saturday. So I mean, I think this is correct, right? Obviously, it being off peg, people don't want to kind of like mint SDE because then they're instantly kind of like at a loss because they can't trade it directly for, you know, that kind of like a one for one eighth again. So that makes a lot of sense. But yeah, Rockerpool seems to be going really nicely as a consequence of that, which is awesome. And as I've discussed before, they are kind of like talking about lowering the minimum kind of like each requirement of staking and doing a bunch of other things as well. I think they're doing like a marketing blitz on Bankless soon as well. So good to see Rockerpool getting some really nice growth here. All right, so I put out this tweet just before I actually just earlier today where I said, I always find it funny when people celebrate low gas fees on Ethereum L1. Low gas fees mean that there is little activity and that the market is really bearish. Congrats, you can now go sell that shitcoin on a DEX for $5 instead of $50 except that shitcoin is now down 90%. I find it puzzling though a lot of people don't realize this. The reason why the easy money was kind of like, sorry, the gas fees were high is because there's a lot of activity happening and that led to a lot of easy money flowing. That led to a lot of tokens pumping, a lot of yields being high and all that good stuff there. So in turn, let me put some numbers to this. Say you spent $100, $150, $200 on fees, right, to sell a few tokens off, right? It was more likely than not that you were signing these tokens for much higher than what they are today, even though the fees are much lower, right? Even though you spent more in fees, you would have netted out better. So let's say you had $10,000 of a token at its peak. You spent $200 on fees to sell it at 10 grand. I'm putting numbers on this just so I can illustrate my point. $200 to sell it at 10 grand, okay? That's a 2% hit and you got $9,800 out of it as kind of like not profit, but like as a token, right? Because depending on how much you put in originally, that's what you got out of it, right? Accounting for fees. Okay, fair enough. That's on like the extreme end of the example as well. There was periods where it cost $200 to swap, but most of the time it didn't cost $100. But anyway, as an illustrative example, okay. Well, now that token's gone down 90% because it's a bear market, it's worth $1,000 and the gas fees to swap is kind of like $5, right? Even if it was kind of like $5, which is really cheap, right? And you're still going to, depending on how much you put into it, you're still going to make like $995 if the swap is a $5 fee. But you're not making an extra $9,000 or whatever it was because you just waited to sell and you sold when the gas fees are cheaper. So just you can see what I'm saying here. Like maybe I hopefully I'm illustrating my point correctly, but it's kind of like you're better off a lot of the time, especially if you have like thousands and thousands, tens of thousands in these things selling when the gas fees are high, rather than saying, oh, wait till later till the gas fees are lower. And then I'll sell when the gas fees being low for sustained periods of time usually means the market is incredibly bearish. So I just wanted to kind of like illustrate that point to you guys because it always confuses me when people kind of go on about this sort of stuff and like, oh my God, gas fees are so low. And then I asked them, okay, well, what are you doing right now? Oh, I don't know. I haven't really got anything to do. Why is that? Oh, because like there's not much activity going on. There's not much happening. You know, the market's quiet. It's like, well, I mean, there you go. Right. Anyway, I just wanted to illustrate that for you guys. All right. So massive news out of stock where today, so they announced a $100 million series D at an $8 billion valuation. So I remember saying to you guys that I thought a series D was coming from stock where, because there was rumors about it and I, you know, I, I, I wouldn't put a pass them to do it and they did it. And now they have a $8 billion valuation, which I believe is the highest L2 valuation out there. Even polygon isn't valued that high and they're trading publicly. I think that you're valued at a $5 billion market cap or something like that. So stock where is that $8 billion private market valuation mind you, there's no token or anything for stock where yet, and there's no, they're not public yet. But the, the, it's kind of like round was led by Kota and, and, sorry, green Oaks and Kota with tiger global and many of their existing investors participated as well. So obviously congrats to the stock where team here, they're killing it. They've got tons of money now to survive. Like any kind of like bear market, I guess like even a two, three year bear market, they got plenty of money. I do like stock where is that one thing where I think they're going to do a token, but I do wonder like how they're going to do it because you guys know, I haven't really been a fan of how they've done their fundraising so far and like how much of the cap table are they selling to kind of like raise these funds? Like what is it? Don't token distribution even going to look like, I'm not sure, not, not even convinced they're going to do a token anytime soon. We'll have to see, but I I'm glad to see more of these L2 teams being funded. Of course, like I want them to have as much money as possible in order to build out their vision and scale Ethereum, but I'm, I'm cautious on stock where, uh, kind of like that's for sure. But anyway, congrats to them on this huge valuation. Wondering if they're going to do a series a, like, I don't know, are they going to tokenize next? Are they going to IPO or something? I don't know. It's, it's kind of like weird, but anyway, big valuation, big raise. Congrats to them. All right. So speaking of, uh, big raises in crypto, a 16 Z has raised $4.5 billion for their fourth crypto fund. This is an insane amount of money, especially given the current climate. Now, I don't really want to talk about the money itself. What I want to talk about is they're using this money to fund private markets, not public markets. And this is actually what can be construed as bearish. Let me put it to you this way. I know people like Kobe have actually talked about this a lot and we both talked about this on our episode on, on the drive through that I did with him. But I mean, if $4.5 billion goes into private deals and then these private investors, obviously, you know, when these projects tokenize, they want to return on it. They're going to need to use the public markets as exit liquidity and who dominates the public markets? Well, it's retail a lot of the time, right? So where's all this money going to come from? Like if these, if people, if the, if the kind of like big money is throwing money into funds, like a 16 days crypto fund here, which is only funding private markets, then we have this massive divide between private and public markets. Where this money isn't going into public kind of like tokens. And I'm not just talking about eight. I'm talking about like everything. There are a lot of kind of like tokens right now. I'm not going to name them because you guys know I don't like to name specific tokens, but a lot of things right now that I look at and they make no sense to be trading at what they're at. Like I think they're actually bargain value buys. There was a fund the other day that got off a few weeks ago that got announced from Ryan Watkins and I can't remember his co-founders name now that is going to be doing exclusively public market investing. And I applaud them for that. But so many of these kind of like VCs and funds are private market only, which is just puzzling to me because they're going to fund these things. They're going to get locked up. They're going to get kind of like vesting and stuff like that. And they're going to kind of like rely on retail wanting to buy these things where they could probably buy something much better on public markets today, which over the longer term will I believe give them a better return on investments and kind of like won't have that kind of I guess overhang of all the tokens vesting out and stuff like that because a lot of them already have done their token distribution. So I don't know. I think if I had to say it's probably neutral for the space that this crypto fund exists and just like crypto funds in general at this point in time exists because they're just going to the private markets. I wouldn't say it's a negative, but it doesn't really scream positive to me. I know some people were like, Oh my God, this is huge. More money coming into the space. It's like, yeah guys, but like where's that money going? It's not going to the public markets. It's going into the private markets, which are already overheated. There are seed rounds in the bloody, how many digits is it? The seven, eight, nine digits, right? Like maybe we're going to see a 10 digit and that's a billion dollar seed round. Like this is crazy. So we'll have to see how it shapes over the next few years. But so far there's been so many tokens that have gotten destroyed because they have a lot of early investors that get in early, they're up like a hundred thousand X and then they want to sell. They want to exit, especially when they have LPs in their fund. And yeah, I just, I'm not sure how to feel about this. I think right now I'm neutral, but I just don't see this being positive for public markets. But like, I think eight is a separate thing. I think of eight kind of like separate. I mean, this is some of this money could go into eight, but I don't know these VCs are going to be buying kind of like Ethan public markets, at least not a large chunk of it, because they kind of do the math, right? They're like, okay, well, it's already worth $200 billion. We want to get a hundred X at least from these projects or a thousand X. Well, to get that from eight is not happening anytime soon, if ever sort of thing. Right. So when you kind of like frame it like that, I get it. But at the same time, it just kind of like makes me neutral on this thing. And I'm going to have to see how it plays out here. All right. So immutable has announced their cross roll up liquidity solution. I guess I think I talked a little to this the other day, but basically this allows a cross roll up liquidity to kind of like we traded on multiple L2 and L3 ZK roll-ups on a kind of like with Stark net stock X and stock waste technology here. You can read this thread for a breakdown of it. There's also a podcast that's a mutable did with Bankless that you can go listen to, which gives more information on this. And there's a thread or TLDR here from Robbie as well. A co-founder of immutable who said, you know, they can settle NFT trades instantaneously with no trusted bridges across hundreds of L2s and L3s trade any asset on any marketplace with shared liquidity on open order book, irrespective of the underlying roll up. And they're integrating with wearable as well here, which they announced today, which is really, really cool. So I think not announced today announced a couple of days ago, I believe. So yeah, some big announcements out of immutable. You should definitely go check out. I'm going to get through the rest of these updates quickly because I don't want this episode going for too long, but I'll link these in the YouTube description below. So hot protocol has announced that they want to kick off L2 season by requesting that 1 million OP tokens from kind of like optimism to be used to refund 80% of users bridging costs to optimism, which is really cool. So this is actually pretty unique. You can see here a million OP tokens will go towards kind of like refunding people who are bridging into optimism, which will obviously encourage more people to kind of like bridge in and you have to worry about symbol resistance and stuff like that. But this is, I think still a pretty cool kind of proposal. I don't know if it's been approved or anything like that. I think that's kind of like in discussion phase right now on the governance forum. You can go check this out. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. Polyner seems to be a brilliant proposal. So there you go. Speaking of Polyner, I don't know about you guys, but like, I don't know if you've seen them lately on Twitter. They seem to be an expert on everything. I thought they were just like really into roll-ups and really into kind of like crypto and like was like super smart about that, but they're super smart about everything and it's making me feel dumb and I love it. Like I have a lot of knowledge about crypto and like a few other things, but Polyner seems to have knowledge about so many different things and the fact that like they said that they maintain different Twitter accounts for their different interests. I was just like, oh my God, mind blown. Like this person is crazy smart. I love it. Anyway, I'm not going to kind of gush over Polyner again. Go read this proposal thread here. I think it's a really cool one. And I think, you know, subsidizing costs for people to get onto L2s makes a lot of sense. All right. Speaking of optimism, there was a tweet kind of like shared here by Qui- exotic, I think is his name? Qui- exotic. I don't know. I'm not pronouncing it right, but anyway. They're kind of like the largest NFT marketplace on optimism. So you can see here, there's an optimism NFT bridge that they're going to be doing. As you can bridge your NFTs from Ethereum mainnet to optimism and you see a nice little interface here. That's really cool. I love this. You know, bridging your NFTs in. Maybe you're kind of like NFTs you want to actively trade or you want to speculate with, you can bridge them in or you just want to hold them on optimism instead of holding it on Ethereum mainnet. You can use this to bridge in, which is really, really cool. All right. So Tom Schmidt kind of like corrected a little bit of, I guess, like not direct misinformation or anything like that, but like incorrect information here from Li Jin, who was comparing Magic Eden, which is a NFT marketplace on Solana versus OpenSea and saying that Magic Eden had more users and more transactions and more everything than kind of like OpenSea. And then Tom Schmidt says, yeah, respectfully, the data is totally wrong because due to the different architectures of OpenSea versus Magic Eden because Magic Eden has all actions on chains, such as bids, offers, cancels, and sales, while OpenSea only has sales and cancels. You need to filter out transactions in order to compare one to one. In fact, OpenSea transactions are greater than Magic Eden transactions when factoring this in. This is always something that I tell you guys when you're looking at these kind of metrics is that you can't compare the metrics of kind of like different blockchains and even kind of like blockchains to L2s and stuff like that without putting in nuance like this. Obviously OpenSea isn't going to do everything on chain because it's very expensive on Ethereum layer one, but on Solana it's not, right? They've obviously got those cheap fees, so they're doing everything there which inflates the metrics. And this is true for so many metrics like total value locked, kind of like active addresses, active traders. There's a lot of nuance at this sort of stuff and I've described this before. I'm not going to get into it today, but I just wanted to highlight this thread from Tom because I thought it was a good one. All right, just a few last things to get through. So another governance proposal from the protocol Guildtia. This time it's for ENS to allocate a percentage of their unclaimed airdrop to the protocol guild pilots. So you can see here the proposal from Trent. I believe this is the fifth proposal, I think, or fourth, fifth or fifth anyway. And I think it's really cool using the unclaimed airdrop or a percentage of the unclaimed airdrop with which they're saying they want 200,000 ENS tokens to fund kind of like the protocol guild. Now, for those of you who don't know all the unclaimed tokens from ENS that people didn't claim from the airdrop went into the ENS treasury and now Trent's like, Hey, why don't we donate this to the protocol guild? It makes perfect sense, right? I'm actually all for this. I hope this goes through. I think it will considering ENS is so aligned with Ethereum and public goods funding. So anyway, go check out this kind of like a forum post here for all details on that. And I hope to see this go through soon. And speaking of protocol guild, they now have a tweet, a Twitter, an official Twitter here. So you can go to at protocol guild that and go follow them there. And there's also a tweet here with basically how to keep up with protocol guild, the full docs, the pilot program, the interfaces, the contracts, all that good stuff there. So definitely go give them a follow. All right. So Uniswap hit $1 trillion of all time or cumulative volume recently, I believe the other day, actually in May. This is huge, guys. I know cumulative volume isn't going to go down, but by definition, it's just up only. But $1 trillion of all time volume on Uniswap. This is really, really cool. Like I remember Uniswap when it first came out, like no one knew what it was. No one understood what it did. No one knew, you know, people were fighting and saying, this isn't going to work. You know, AMMs have been around as a kind of like idea for ages. They haven't worked in traditional finance. They're not going to work in crypto. Well, they worked guys like they worked wonders. They worked, I think, better than anyone expected them to. And they've gone crazy. And $1 trillion on Uniswap, I mean, that's just the first kind of like step here. They're going to get $10 trillion, $100 trillion, a quadrillion maybe one day, right, of cumulative volume here, which I think that they will because AMMs, especially Uniswap, they're so popular, they're so useful that I think this is going to keep growing over time. So congrats to Uniswap on this major milestone. All right. So the second part of Hazu's kind of like merge podcast is out with Danny Ryan and Tim Baiko, but also joined by Stephane Gosselin here as a co-host. And he's kind of like first podcast here. So you guys may know him as the ghost step on Twitter. Been doing a lot of MEV-related stuff for a while. But yeah, definitely going to give this a listen to. I haven't listened to this yet. Someone pointed out to me that people were kind of like fighting this podcast, saying that Tim Baiko's or Danny Ryan's or someone's answers were unsatisfactory or something. I saw that, and because I haven't listened to the podcast yet, I can't really talk to it. I can't really speak to what was said. But I want to kind of like front-run it by saying that I think in Ethereum, the Ethereum ecosystem, especially the kind of like dev side, they're really honest publicly with a lot of the flaws and a lot of the issues and a lot of the things that kind of like need to be fixed with Ethereum, because that's just the way they are. That's just the community that we've fostered. Now, this doesn't mean that Ethereum is broken, that things are fundamentally unset. That Ethereum is going to fail or anything like that. But nothing's perfect. No blockchain is perfect. No software is perfect. So people being open about the issues and kind of like the things that need to be fixed, I think is a net positive. And I don't want Ethereum to change on that. But obviously, these things can be misconstrued. People can look at them and be like, oh, my God, this means Ethereum is going to fail. This means Ethereum is done. And I think because I think the topic of the podcast was MEV and liquid staking, I think some of the answers given are probably unsatisfactory because MEV is still an, I mean, it's not a solved thing. There are a bunch of ideas of how to quote unquote solve it or how to make it better and how to kind of like remove the negative externalities of MEV. But it's not exactly something that should be treated lightly. And I think that's what was probably relayed in the podcast. But I have to listen to it to give a better kind of opinion on it. Hopefully, I can listen to it tomorrow or the day after. But yeah, I just wanted to kind of like shout it out. Definitely go listen to it as well. I'll link it in the YouTube description. And just a final shout out here. I reposted my recent newsletter titled You Don't Own Enough ETH via Mira as a writing NFT. So they launched these kind of like writing NFTs today where anyone can publish their own kind of like blog post here as an NFT and you can collect it. So you can click this collect button up here. There's already been 15 collectors of it. It's 0.01 ETH per collection. There's 469 NFTs to own because that was the addition of this newsletter. And of course, all of the money raised or funds kind of like gotten from this will go towards public goods funding. I'll probably just throw it to the protocol guild. They can do whatever they want with it. So yeah, if you want to make this as an NFT, you can. But I think that's it. 40 minutes here, guys. Hope you enjoyed the extra long episode. But yeah, thank you again for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the YouTube channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up. Subscribe to newsletter. Join the disco channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.