 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the DeliWay Refuel, where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sesano and today is the 31st of May 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So the Ropsten beacon chain is now live. I remember I mentioned this to you guys that Ropsten is going through the merge transition on June 8th, obviously, and it needs a beacon chain in order to do that. So that is now live. You can see here Parathotch tweeted out that the, you know, we finalized as expected, and the chain is chugging along till the unannounced TTD or total terminal difficulty here. So you can join the chain if you want and practice running your nodes by following this guide here, which of course I'll link in the YouTube description below. But yeah, guys, like the wheels are turning here. It's happening. Things are in motion for Ropsten right now. You can see Terrence as well tweeted out how that kind of it went live too. And you can see there's kind of like a Ropsten block explorer that beacon chain has set up here as well. So if you want to go check out all of the stats around that, you can. And then Tim Biko posted the official kind of Ropsten merge announcement, which has all the details in it as well. So he said Ethereum's longest lived proof of work test and that is moving to proof of stake. A new beacon chain has been launched today and the merge is expected around June 8th on the network. So if you go to this guide, you'll be able to kind of check out everything. All the details got to do with that, which is very, very exciting. Very, very cool. And today, by the time you've watched this, it may or may not have happened, but we're having main net shadow fork six go through. As I mentioned yesterday, I don't expect there to be any surprises with main net shadow fork six. I don't expect there to be any surprises with the Ropsten merge, but as always, there are things that can happen. We don't know, right? We don't know if there's going to be any bugs found or anything like that. Hopefully not. Like we've done so many shadow forks at this point and they've gone through kind of, you know, pretty much perfectly that I'd be shocked if there was a kind of like major bug on these public test nets or anything like that, given that, as far as I can tell, nothing has substantially changed between the shadow forks and the public test nets. I believe shadow fork five and six are going to be using the same config or near the same config as the Ropsten kind of like merge will. So yeah, due to that, there shouldn't really be any kind of major bugs, but we'll have to see. Obviously, the Ropsten network is a public test net. It is the longest running public proof of work test net as Tim says here. So yeah, there might be some things that we haven't accounted for. I know that during testing, there were some things that people didn't account for, such as things around gas limits and stuff like that. So that was a bit of a funny thing to see. And that came out of it. That was kind of like the edge cases that people don't really think of when you kind of like going through this. That's why we do testing, right? That's why we do so much testing. There has never been as much testing before as there has been for the kind of like merge. I think second to the merge would probably be when the beacon chain was launched, I would say. But yeah, other than that, I wouldn't know what would come after that. But yeah, essentially, like the merge has gone through enough testing now at this point that once we've run through and do all the public test nets, the main net should happen. There's no reason for main net not to happen after the public test nets. Especially, I mean, if the public test nets all go completely well, if nothing bad happens, if there's no major bugs or anything like that, then as I said, guys, I feel like we could have the merge in late August here, even with the difficulty bomb delay going ahead. But then you also have kind of like, you know, any coordination issues, maybe the cordays feel like they need to give ecosystem players more time and stuff like that. Then you could have it happening in early September. But it's so close, guys. Like it's really not that far away. And I don't think like a couple of weeks here and there are really going to make or break anything at this point in time, right? So yeah, anyway, those are the kind of merge updates for today there. And I also kind of like put out a tweet. Oh, here's me tweeting about the Shadowefork 6 happening. But I also put out a tweet about whether the merge is priced in or not. Now, as we get closer to the merge, this is going to become more and more of a topic of conversation, I think. And I've spoken about it a bunch on the refuel, but I did want to go through it again today. And I kind of put out this tweet where I said, how can the merge be priced in when people still believe that it reduces layer one gas fees, all staked ETH becomes unlocked at the merge, 32 ETH is required to run a full node in a proof of stake world. All these points are completely false. Ergo, the merge is not priced in. So not only are these points completely false, they're also dangerous to be spread because it basically sets expectations for certain things, right? So the first point reduces layer one gas fees. It sets expectations that when Ethereum transitions to proof of stake, automatically the layer one gas fees are going to collapse and users will be able to do transactions on Ethereum layer one for, I don't know, a few cents or something like that. That's not happening, guys. Like if you want to get really technical here, because the block times go from 13 seconds to 12 seconds, there is technically an 8% increase in capacity on the chain, but users aren't going to feel that. Like 8% is nothing. Like, Gwe can go from 10 to 30 in like, you know, one block, right? It just depends what's happening on the network. So users are not going to feel an 8% difference, right? So, you know, 10 to 30 to triple, like 300%. They're not, users aren't going to feel an 8% difference there. But kind of like in saying that, I think that what I've been trying to get through to people is the merge sets the groundwork for these sorts of things. And you can already use for gas fees being reduced at layer twos, and you can already use these layer twos today. Like you can use like so many of them. If you had told me like a couple of years ago that we would have as many layer twos usable and live with apps on them as we do today, I would have not believed you. That's how far the layer twicker system has come in a couple of years. So obviously as an ecosystem, we need to keep pushing people to layer two and basically explaining to them, Hey, this is where you're going to use the apps from now on. Don't rely on layer one Ethereum to get kind of like get cheap, just be on layer two and kind of like, you'll be fine. But also making sure that they understand the risks as well. There was a bit of discussion in the discord channel, actually, I think yesterday or the day before around layer two risks and people kind of like getting the wrong idea when I say that layer twos inherit Ethereum security. I've explained this before, but just the TLDR here is that just because layer twos can inherit Ethereum security doesn't mean that they haven't got other centralized points of failure or haven't got other insecure parts. Like for example, there's, you know, with layer two networks like optimistic rollups, they require things like fraud proofs to function correctly. I know all of these layer twos have multi-sigs and those multi-sigs can upgrade the network, which potentially could lead to loss of funds and stuff like that. So I think that people need to realize that the layer twos that obviously they're still early, they still have training wheels on. And just because they inherit Ethereum security doesn't mean that there aren't other vectors that can be used to do some funny business, right? Or something can happen. And at the end of the day, you could have a major bug in one of these layer twos. And just because it inherits Ethereum security doesn't mean anything like smart contracts built on top of Ethereum layer one inherit Ethereum security. But that doesn't mean those smart contracts are secure against like bugs. That doesn't mean those smart contracts are secure as Ethereum, the kind of like protocol code running Ethereum. So good to keep that in mind because at the end of the day, the layer twos are just smart contracts on layer one, right? Like the bridge contract, the one that handles all the logic of bridging in the art and handles the logic of kind of like settling balances and proofs and stuff like that and call data. All that sorts of stuff is on layer one Ethereum, right? So it's smart contracts on layer one Ethereum. So I think when talking and thinking about security of layer twos, yes, they inherit Ethereum security, but there are so many other ways that they can have kind of like centralized points of failure or kind of like security issues as well. So L2Beat.com does a really great job of breaking all this down. It does get a bit technical, but if you're interested in learning more, I highly recommend checking out that website. It's got a bunch of information there. All right, the second point here. All staked ETH becomes unlocked at the merge. This, for some reason, I don't know if we're getting this information, but this is like completely wrong, right? There is no ETH, zero, nada, nothing being unlocked at the merge from the beacon chain. Nothing. No, none of the 32 ETH that was put in initially, none of the rewards. The only thing that is going to be rewarded to stakers until withdrawals are enabled at least six months after the merge is the fees. So the fees and kind of like MEV related stuff, which is basically fees that stakers generate are going to be able to be basically transferred, withdrawn, whatever you want to call it. But the staked ETH and the rewards that have accrued since December 2020, since the beacon chain went live, cannot be withdrawn until at least six months after the merge is part of the Shanghai update. Now, in saying that, there's only a certain amount of ETH that can be withdrawn per day because we have the validator churn kind of mechanism where only a certain number of validators can enter and exit the beacon chain per day. And that dictates how much ETH can be unlocked per day as well. So it's not like once withdrawals are enabled, there's going to be, what, 10, 11, whatever amount of ETH staked right now. It's not like that's all going to flood the market. That's not how it works. Think about that logically for a sec. That wouldn't even make sense from a proof of stake design perspective. That would mean that you'd automatically lose all your stakers if everyone could just withdraw, right? And the network wouldn't be able to essentially recover from that and wouldn't be able to kind of like normalize for that. So yeah, completely false. It's so stupid that it just boggles my mind, but you know, it is what it is. And then this third one that I'm seeing pop up recently, which again, I don't know where people are getting this from, but people think that you need 32 ETH to run a full node in a proof of stake world. No, you don't. You only need 32 ETH in order to become a validator on the network. So the way it works is that post merge, there's going to be an execution layer node that you run, geth, nethermine, base, or whatever. There's going to be a consensus layer node that you run, which is called a beacon node. That is going to be a prism, lighthouse, whatever else, right? And then there is a validator that you can optionally run, which requires a 32 ETH minimum in order to run your own solo staked validator. And again, that can be like a prism or a lighthouse or whatever. But you do not need to run a validator in order to validate the network via a full node. You can run the beacon node, you can run the execution layer node, as I just mentioned what those were, and you will be able to validate the network. So I don't know where that is coming from that people think that you need 32 ETH. It's like telling someone that they need to, they need a miner, they need to be mining in order to validate the Bitcoin network in order to run a full node. No, that's completely wrong. You run a Bitcoin full node and you can validate the whole network and then you can optionally set up miners and mine using that full node, right? Just like you can set up a validator and proof of stake world and use your beacon node and kind of like validate off that. So yeah, just wanted to kind of explain all that for you guys. I know some of you or probably hopefully most of you know this by now, but for whoever does it, I just wanted to run through that again, because you're going to see more and more of this stuff as we get closer to the merge. As I've discussed before, people are just going to fud, right? At the end of the day, like it's already started. The past couple of months, there's been tons of FUD kind of like aimed at Ethereum around the merge, around proof of stake. And I remember saying a while ago that people like the Bitcoin maximalists who have been saying that Ethereum is never going to transition to proof of stake. They're going to pivot from that and move the goalpost when they realize that it's actually happening, right? Proof of stake is actually going to happen. And then they're going to pivot and they're going to focus on proof of stake as kind of like weak or weaker than proof of work. And they're going to focus on the perceived issues with it and all that sorts of stuff. And they are doing that, right? You have people like Lynn Alden talking about it all the time. Nick Carter talks about it. Not people that I would consider like toxic Bitcoin maximalists, but people that are like high up in the Bitcoin community and that have large followings. They are talking about all this stuff. And the thing is that a lot of the Bitcoiners, I don't know if Nick or Lynn believe this, but a lot of the Bitcoiners, especially the maximalists, never thought proof of stake was going to come. And it's going to come. It's literally just, it's there. Like we can see the light at the end of the tunnel and the fight is going to increase. So just keep that in mind. These bad narratives are going to spread, but as long as you watch the refill, you're not going to get caught up in them. That's for sure. All right. So speaking of risks around proof of stake, one legitimate risk and something that's been talked about a lot recently are the risks of LSD as Danny Ryan calls it here, which is liquid staking derivatives, AKA things like Lido. So there's a blog post that Danny Ryan published today around this. You can go give this a read. I'm not going to go through this. I do want to do something around kind of like Lido and kind of like liquid staking derivatives and talking through all the kind of like stuff got to do with that and why it's good, why it's bad, why it's happened, blah, blah, blah. But the number one thing I do want to say is that I think at this point in time, I've said it before and I'll say it again. We can't make any major judgments on how the beacon chain will look in its steady state because of the fact that it's currently a one way bridge. And now let me explain what I mean by that. Lido has what, 32, 33% of the staked ETH right now that run through its system. Now that can't go down until withdrawals are enabled. Even if people sell their ST ETH for ETH using one of the liquidity pools, that doesn't mean that ETH gets withdrawn from the beacon chain. Like it can't because withdrawals aren't enabled. So Lido and any other staking provider, I'm not just picking on Lido here. It's up only like you cannot withdraw. So in saying that there's no way for the, for kind of like Lido to lose the amount of ETH that they've gotten staked. Actually, sorry, there's no way for them to do it for users to withdraw. So that can't happen that way. The only way it could happen before withdrawals are enabled is if they get slashed and kicked out of the validator set, right? Which is very, very unlikely to happen. And technically the ETH would still be staked with Lido in that case, once withdraw was enabled, they could rerun the validator and kind of like start it up again. But that's the only way, right? There's no way for a user to withdraw from, I mean, there's no way for Lido to withdraw ETH from themselves. A user can exit via the ST ETH liquidity pools, but they can't actually use that ST ETH to claim the ETH on the beacon chain because withdrawals aren't enabled. So given those facts, wouldn't it be better to wait until withdrawals are enabled to not, I mean, to kind of like have any strong opinions on this sort of stuff? Like I get people saying, you know, we should, we should kind of like move away from Lido. We should be using other staking providers and I'm all for that. Like I promote them all the time. I talk about Rocker Pool all the time and I want people to be doing that. But I think that people are getting carried away and kind of like sometimes acting like the sky is falling when we don't have a way to, to reduce kind of like the dominance of these things yet. Once we are in a kind of like a post withdrawal world, once we kind of like go through what I'm calling, you know, the great reshuffling of ETH stake, which I think will happen when withdrawals are enabled, then and only then will we be able to have a, and I reckon it's going to take six months to 12 months after that. Then and only then will we be able to have a better picture of what it's going to look like. In saying all of that, as I said, I'm all for fighting for getting dominance away from these providers. Even though we haven't got like that two way bridge is only kind of like a one way bridge right now. I'm all for people being encouraged to go use other services rather than Lido, such as Rocker Pool, such as, you know, Stakewise and Swell and any of the other service. Doesn't matter if it's centralized or decentralized, as long as it's not the dominant one. That's totally fine. Obviously, I'm a big champion for that. I was a big champion for client diversity, still am, and we're able to fix that. But the reason why we were able to fix client diversity so quickly, at least a major reason, is because you can change the client that you're using. Could you imagine if you couldn't change the validator that you were using without having to withdraw your stake and then reenter? That means you wouldn't be able to do it until withdrawals were enabled. That's pretty much what's happening here with these kind of like stake and service providers. There cannot be a reshuffling of stake because there's no ability to do that. So use the other services, you know, don't use kind of like Lido if you care about making sure that they don't continue their dominance. And also, Lido inflows have slowed down dramatically for two major reasons recently anyway. The STE peg is still not back at peg. I explained yesterday that, you know, people entering Lido through kind of like the Lido contracts right now will be taking an instant haircut of 2 to 3% with further haircut risk down the line. If they hold on to that STE, then it depegs even further. Yes, once withdrawals are enabled, they could kind of like close that loop and basically withdraw their ETH from the beacon chain using that STE. But right now, it doesn't make sense to do that. It makes sense to buy the STE on the market if you're making that trade. And also in saying that, there is no way to close that ARB until withdrawals are enabled. That's another reason why we see these sorts of things playing out too. So and also the demand for leveraged ETH staking has obviously gone down as the ETH price went down and people were closing positions and all that stuff there. So those are my general thoughts, but I definitely want to have a deeper conversation about this. And I'm thinking of bringing someone on. I'm not going to spoil who, but I'm thinking of bringing someone on to discuss all of this with me for a Daily So, Maker is now on StarkNet. The StarkNet DAI breach is live on starkgate.starknet.io. This is the official Maker implementation that enables DAI transfers between StarkNet and Ethereum. This is really, really cool. I love this. I mean, as I said to you guys, StarkNet is like, I don't know if I'd call it the dark horse of Ethereum scaling right now, but they're very different to your typical kind of like scan, right? Because of the fact that they're not EVM compatible, things have to be built from the ground up. There's going to be different things built on it. There's going to be a different ecosystem formed around it. And I think it's going to be distinctly different to an optimistic roll-up, which I think is really, really cool. But good to see that DAI is live there. Obviously, with the kind of like, I guess, like recent terror implosion, people are still looking for decentralized stablecoins, still want to use decentralized stablecoins. And obviously, DAI has its issues. It's still backed by partially by USDC and things like that. That's totally fine. But I think that, you know, I still have faith over the long term that DAI can be, you know, a good decentralized stablecoin. It can get back to being kind of like majority ETH or other decentralized collateral rather than USDC. So I'm always all for promoting DAI. And at the end of the day, like Maker is an amazing product. I use it all the time. Sorry, not all the time. I use it whenever I want to basically borrow against my ETH. That's the only service that I use because, I mean, two main reasons actually. One, well, actually, okay, one of the major reasons is the one-hour oracle delay. So for those of you who don't know how this works, essentially, with Maker, you have a liquidation price that you set. Say your liquidation price is like $1,500, right? You put your ETH in, and if ETH drops to $1,500, you get liquidated after you borrowed some DAI. Now, the thing is that there's a one-hour oracle delay, meaning that if the ETH price drops to $1,500 on, say, like a WIC for like maybe 10 seconds, 20 seconds, you're not going to get liquidated because the oracle only updates once an hour. So in that case, it saves you against things like WICs and like WICs basically being liquidation cascades from kind of like centralized exchanges and stuff like that, and it protects you more. Then the second major reason is that Maker is one of the most battle-tested protocols on Ethereum. It's been audited out the wazoo. It's been formally verified. So much security that's baked into it. So it's really the only one that I trust. And there's actually a third kind of like thing, and this relates to the oracle. The reason why Maker is able to have a one-hour oracle delay and the other platforms like Aave and Compound aren't has to do with the fact that when you kind of like borrow DAI from Maker, you're actually generating new DAI and borrowing it from the Maker protocol itself. You're not borrowing it from another liquidity pool that someone else has kind of like supplied DAI in, which is how Aave and Compound and other kind of like money markets work. And that uniquely enables Maker to be able to have that oracle delay, which makes your position even safer against liquidation there. But again, whenever I borrow DAI, it's not me leverage trading guys. Like if I'm borrowing DAI to do something, it's never leverage trading. It's kind of like purchasing something or maybe making an investment in something and then paying it back later because I just didn't want to sell some crypto. But it's not me leveraging up on ETH and trying to like day trade. No, I don't do that. And you guys know my views on leverage. I'm not going to rehash that there. But cool to see that Dais live on StarkNet here. All right. So Timur here has introduced an MEV Explorer tool, which he's saying is the easiest way to start discovering MEV on the blockchain. So MEV Explorer works as a front end for MEV Inspect.js. So it has support for arbitrage and liquidations across Ethereum, Polygon and Arbitrum. Among other things, it's great for exploring ARBs with Balancer V2 internal ARBs, which are invisible on Etherscan and not caught by Flashbots Explorer either. So you can basically see what you can put in here. You can put in transaction hashes and it'll kind of like populate with results. So let's just take, for an example, this transaction hash that Timur has kind of like put here. Whoop, I got to copy that in. Let's paste it in here and inspect what comes out. Now, hopefully, this doesn't take too long to do. I haven't tested this just yet. Or maybe it's broken. No, it's going. It's frozen now. There you go. Okay. And you can see kind of like the arbitrage, the start amount and end amount, like what happened basically during this transaction, which is really, really cool to see. There are other MEV Explorers out there, but I thought this was really cool because I think this is quite unique. So if you're interested in exploring kind of like MEV transactions, definitely give this a look here. I think it's a great tool. So ZigZag has introduced ZigZag Labs today. So ZigZag Labs is basically, I guess, like a collective to build infrastructure, to build an infrastructure of protocols that supports the upcoming trend of ZK roll-ups. Now, those of you who have listened to the refill for a while know that I'm a big fan of ZigZag Exchange. It's one of the only exchanges, all the only exchange alive on ZKSync right now. So it's really easy for when you get Gitcoin donations via ZKSync to cash out and then withdraw there. But ZigZag Labs is going to be where vital projects for the ZK ecosystem get manufactured with the coordination of a wide range of developers, designers, researchers and other contributors. So basically, it's a think tank, research tank, development hub where people can kind of work with ZK roll-ups, work together and basically create great applications on top of ZK roll-ups here. So if this sounds like you, if you're a developer, if you want to get involved with this sort of stuff, definitely check out ZigZag Labs. That's just basically why I wanted to talk about it. I wanted to give it a shout out to them here because they're building a lot of cool stuff like ZigZag Exchange and a bunch of other tools like floor sweep. So definitely go check them out if you haven't yet. All right, so Dune Analytics has announced Dune Engine V2, which is a complete overhaul of their entire data architecture and a massive performance upgrade. So if you are a Dune wizard, if you write Dune queries, if you do anything with Dune, well, this would be music to your ears. A faster, more kind of like more efficient and easier to use and more, I guess, like a kind of feature-rich version of Dune here. So you can check out this blog post for kind of like the details of what V2 does basically lays the foundation for a range of new experiences, more speed and efficiency, as I said, and kind of like more performance and scalability. So very cool to see this from Dune Analytics here. I love Dune. I mean, I've been using Dune for a very, very long time. I should disclose that I'm a seed investor in Dune. Just get that out there. But I've been using Dune since basically they were, you know, since day one, essentially. I love the dashboards. Love keeping track of things. Love following people like Hill Dobby, who I've mentioned on the refill a bunch of times, who make really great dashboards. Just a really great tool to keep up with things and metrics and kind of dive deeper into various protocols, projects, you name it. So congrats to them on the release or the announcement of Dune Engine V2 here. All right. So just finally here, we have a wrap-up post from DevConnect basically wrapping up the event in Amsterdam and kind of looking ahead here. The next event is going to be DevCon in Bogota here, which is going to be happening in October. But then after that, I'm sure, or maybe even before that, they're going to announce where the next DevConnect will take place. Now, my kind of like feel for DevConnect is that I want it to take place in a really cool different city each year. If they do one a year, I want it to like... Obviously, there was one kind of like...the first one was in Amsterdam. But I would love for them to kind of like travel the world and visit different cities. I would love to them not just do Europe, like Europe's cool, but I would love for them to do cities all around the world. And I think that that's their aim, essentially. They want to find really cool venues, really cool spots for people to kind of like hang out for a week, enjoy the scenery, enjoy kind of like, you know, holiday slash conference and enjoy the hackathon as well. So looking forward to seeing what they announce next year. But I mean, you guys know I obviously went to Amsterdam, had like a blast, had a really, really fun time. And I'm not sure what other conferences I'm going to go to. I really want to get out to Bogota for DevCon. I'm still on the fence. We're going to have to see how it goes. But I don't know what else I'm going to get out to. In July, I have...I was actually going to probably attend some things in July. But I don't think I will now because my birthday is in July. I'm turning 30. So I'm going to be having like a big party and a bunch of kind of like things going around that. But also, I have a bunch of other events happening in July as well. I actually have my 10-year high school reunion in July as well because it was supposed to happen in 2020. But obviously, COVID came and kind of like locked everyone down here in Melbourne. So it didn't happen there. But yeah, 10-year high school reunion, that was kind of fun. Anyway, I'm rambling here. Don't know what events I'm going to get to next, especially because travel tends to be brutal from where I am. But we'll have to see. Like I'm looking forward to more virtual events as well, see what kind of like shakes out there. And hopefully, judging some EAT Global online hackathons too. I love judging those things. So maybe you'll see me around with those there. But anyway, I can't wait to see where DevConnect will end up next. Hopefully, it's in another really, really cool city because I really enjoyed Amsterdam. I have a few minutes left here. One last thing I wanted to talk about. Again, I like doing this at the end of the refills when I have some time left because just it kind of gets through what I'm thinking during, I guess, like the day. Not to talk specifically too much about the markets, but what I do want to mention about it is that I think what happens sometimes is that people see positive price action after, you know, a few weeks, maybe a couple months of negative price action and start getting really excited and start feeling like the bull market's back. Guys, like I hate to break it to you, but just because the price went up a bit after going down a lot doesn't mean the bull market's back. I encourage you to go look at 2019. Go look at the eighth chart in 2019. Don't look at the rest of the year. Just kind of like go on TradingView, set the chart, the 2019 only, and look at what ETH did during that year. Look at and maybe look at the daily chart or something like that. Look at how it pumped, then sold down. Pumped a lot, still sold down. Pumped from $100 to $360, still sold down back to $130. And the reason why I encourage you to do this is because it'll give you the context around why I say that you can't trust these kind of like pumps after this negative price action. You can't just kind of say, oh, we had two months of negative price action and now the price is going up a little bit. It's time for a bull market again. No. And you guys know I'm obviously very, very bullish on ETH, but I just want to... Not that I can tell what's going to happen in the future, but I just want to warn against people getting their hopes up because I did that in 2019. You know, I did that a lot, actually. I got my hopes up every time it went up. Every time it started going up, I was like, oh, yes, finally, the bull market's back. And I was very, very excited for it back then because I hadn't made it yet. Like I hadn't made no money from crypto yet. And obviously, ETH going up meant a lot, like meant a shit ton to me at that time because I was like, holy shit, like I'm actually, you know, going to make a decent amount of money from this. I'm actually going to increase my wealth from this. I was really excited about it at the time, right? And then seeing it go from the low of $80 to $360 in mid-2019 and back to $130, right, it's a mind killer. Like if you don't have discipline, if you're... I mean, I didn't trade or anything, but like it really drags you down. It's mentally taxing. So to offset that in 2019, what I did was I focused on things like ETH up, right? Like I focused on my work at Set Protocol. I focused on keeping up with Ethereum fundamentals. I know I sound like a broken record when I say this, but guys, like these types of markets are the best time to do all that. Learn, learn, learn, build if you're a builder, do whatever you, you know, you need to be done on the fundamental side of things and on the non-market side of things. And please, please, please don't get your hopes up about positive price action, you know, just because we had like a bunch of negative price action and you're celebrating like a little move up. That is the mind killer. I'm sure some of you have felt this already, but I just wanted to kind of like pass on that wisdom there. It's not investment advice. It's just wisdom. It's just what I've learned in my time in crypto. And it might save you some kind of like mental stress down the line. But anyway, I'm going to end it there for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. We're almost at 20K subscribers. So please do subscribe if you enjoy the content. I do this every day, obviously. But yeah, give the video a thumbs up as well. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel. And I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.