 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Refuel. Wary capital latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sosano and today is the 12th of January 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So first off today, a tweet from SuperFizz here. So SuperFizz tweeted out today, the Ethereum merge will take place sometime around June 2022 but it won't have an impact on the transaction fees you're paying. After the merge, the focus will likely shift to fees but you can be proactive now by using tools like Polygon, XDAI, Arbitrum, Optimism and ZKSync. Now this goes back to what I've been saying to you guys for months now about this really bad narrative that seems to have formed around the merge or some people still calling it ETH2, lowering gas fees. Obviously I've said before this isn't going to be the case. It doesn't have any kind of impact on gas fees, it's not meant to. We're literally just switching over from proof of work to proof of stake. Now some people have brought up before that, oh well, you know the block time is actually going to be faster under the proof of stake, right? Instead of around 13 seconds that it is today, it's going to be 12 seconds once we kind of like do the merge and go on to proof of stake. That is true, of course. It may have a slight impact on transaction fees because of that, but I doubt it. I doubt we're even going to feel it. I mean, obviously the fee market is volatile and among all the things that affect how volatile the fee market is, I doubt that kind of like reduction in block time is even going to be felt. So again, I can't stress this enough, the merge will not reduce gas fees. Everyone should be kind of like spreading that message as much as you can because I already know how bad the FUD is going to be. No matter what we do, you know, you guys know that I believe that you can't win narrative wars. It doesn't matter how much we do, how many public campaigns we do, how much we try, I still think that there's just too many bad narratives out there already around this and there's too many people spreading them, that it's going to be really hard to kind of like correct that narrative there. And I was thinking about this today because I wrote the newsletter about it and I was thinking about this from kind of like a newcomer perspective. Obviously the Ethereum scaling roadmap is relatively complex. It's not simple. It's not like you can just say to people, okay, well, yeah, we're going to do this and then, you know, transaction fees are going to be basically free and everyone's going to enjoy, you know, a fully scalable Ethereum. It's not like that at all. You know, we have to talk about Ethereum sharding, we have to talk about statelessness, we have to talk about the modular roadmap and layer two and all that sort of stuff. And for newcomers, this is all jargon to them. This is all buzzwords. They have no idea what people are talking about. And a lot of them don't actually care to know. A lot of them just want to use what's available to them to use today that is cheap and fast to use. That's why a lot of people use these kind of like alternative L1s. A lot of people are using the layer twos as well and things like Polygon. And, you know, that's totally understandable, of course. So from that perspective, I think that's where those are kind of like bad narratives come from because people want something to latch onto that allows them to like basically say, oh, okay, this is going to fix this. They want an easy fix. And for them, for a lot of the newcomers, their easy fix is basically saying, ETH2 will fix gas fees, even if it's completely wrong, which it is, right? ETH2 is obviously an iterative kind of like process. It's not going to just like, ETH2 is not just kind of like one thing that happens and then automatically the gas fees are lower. Obviously, it's a kind of like a longer term thing. We all, you know, I mean, most of us know the Ethereum roadmap by now in terms of, you know, scaling via sharding and layer twos and things like that. But for newcomers, they don't have that context. So I totally understand why they've latched onto this narrative, but it doesn't make it any less bad. It is a terrible narrative because I mean, I, you know, I kind of like I'm half looking forward to it in a way because I want to see just how bad the FUD is once the merge happens around it. You know, just how many people say, oh, why are gas fees still high on Ethereum if ETH2 is deployed? Like people are going to say that, right? It may sound insane to us. It may sound very like a very uneducated opinion. And it is, but this is the opinion that a lot of people hold or the viewer, a lot of people hold because they are missing that context. And because a lot of people just simply don't care to learn that additional context. And that's the way it is. That's the reality of it. You can't fight reality, right? Like just like you can't fight or you can find narrative, but just like you can't win, you can't find the fight the reality of the situation. And the reality of the situation is always going to be that most people want the simple narratives. That's why you see a lot of these things with simple narratives, kind of like, you know, do really well price wise. Like look at Cardano, for example, there was the simple narratives there that kind of like Charles was spewing for months about, you know, it's going to get smart contracts. Then we're going to have all these developers that come on board. It's going to be awesome, blah, blah, blah. You know, we're going to have all these apps. It's going to be way more scalable than Ethereum, all this sort of stuff. Then they released smart contracts and nothing really happened, right? Like there was not a migration to Cardano. There was not all these apps that spun up. I mean, hardly anyone uses it, right? But still people latched onto that narrative. And they still latch onto that narrative today because it's just a simple and easy thing for people to latch onto. Whereas the narratives that kind of like I try to talk about and try to spread around, you know, Ethereum's modular roadmap, I think is the best way to scale a blockchain. Using layer twos is the best way to kind of like get Ethereum security while not sacrificing decentralization. This means nothing to a lot of the newer people, which is totally fine. And there was a tweet, I believe from Ryan Sean Adams. I think it was earlier in the day. I can't remember the exact tweet. I don't have it in front of me, but it was around, you know, us who kind of like talk about the virtues of decentralization or a lot of us who talk about the virtues of decentralization come from a kind of position of, okay, well, you know, we're not in this ecosystem to be a degen anymore because we made our money. And now we can talk about decentralization because we're in this privileged position where we don't have to worry about, sorry, we're not in it for the money, we're in it for the tech. That's kind of like true to an extent. Personally, I've always been in it for the tech. Like, yes, obviously the money was part of it too. But I know a lot of people who have been in, who kind of like were in it for the tech and invested as they were in it for the tech. And then obviously they got in early enough that that did well over time. But it's true. Most people coming in, they want to make money. They don't care what they use. They're not maximalist of anything. They're not kind of like married to any chain. They're just using whatever's going to make the money. And that's totally fine. But that just makes our job even harder as educators because there's a kind of like a kind of like perverse incentive there where these other people may buy tokens of other kind of like blockchains and they may be like, oh, okay, look at this. We can like fight Ethereum because they're not as scalable because I don't hold ETH and things like that. So it's just all these competing things that are happening all at once that lead to these bad narratives playing out. But we'll see. Hopefully it's not as bad as I think it's going to be once the merge happens. But guys, from everything that I've seen, like I sometimes venture into quote unquote normie crypto land and I do this by going to the various YouTubers out there like BitBoy and a few of the other big ones out there that really are just like normie central. And I read through the comments, I check what the actual YouTuber is saying. It's so bad. It is just like completely wrong. It's so much shilling, so much pump and dumping, so much just absolutely horrible information that you can tell that no one's actually done their research. It's just a game of Chinese whispers where they heard something from someone else. Then they kind of like changed a little bit of it. Then someone else heard that and they changed it again. And then by the time it gets to these kind of like people who are spewing it to their audience, it's just a mess of a narrative. So I do think it's going to be pretty shitty, at least maybe for the first few weeks or people kind of like digest that information. But I think that the positives of the merge are going to far outweigh the negatives. I think that by the time the merge comes around layer two 2022 or L triple two is going to be in full swing. Some of these L2s will probably have tokens by June 2022, at least the generalized ones hopefully will there. But regardless of all of that, people have these tools that they can use today. If they want to use them, they can. If they don't want to use them, they don't have to. But most people in crypto today are using EVM networks, whether that be the Polygon POS chain, these layer two's like Arvachom and Optimism, whether it's the Avalanche C chain or Phantom or any of these other EVM kind of like smaller EVM networks out there. It's just all EVM and that all comes back to Ethereum. So I think from that perspective, it's totally fine and we should be encouraging people to use whatever they want to use. But it's just these when these bad narratives come to light is what really makes my kind of like, I wouldn't say it makes me angry. It just makes me kind of like, Oh my God, I put so much effort into educating what's going on here. It makes me a bit frustrated. So yeah, but yeah, I mean, there's basically the thing that I wanted to kind of like just drill into you guys and what you guys to spread as well is that, yeah, obviously the merge doesn't lower gas fees and anytime you see someone saying that, if you can be bothered correcting them, I think can go a long way, but I'm not sure how much of a dent it's going to put in the overall kind of like sphere. I think, as I said, crypto people in general just always want an easy narrative to latch onto whether it's correct or not. It doesn't really matter. I think in, especially on the internet, it's just, yeah, it's kind of hard there. But anyway, I'm going to move on from that onto something related to, I guess like proof of stake to ETH2. A new Twitter thread from Michael Sproul about client diversity on the Beacon chain. So unfortunately, client diversity has not gotten better. Prism still accounts for a large part of the network. It's even larger than I think people thought at 68.1%, which is not what we want to see. Lighthouse is coming in second place at 22.2%. Teiku at third place with 9.5% and Nimbus with 0.3% share. Now this is obviously an approximation based on Michael's method, which you can read in his Twitter thread here. It is not an exact science, but it is a pretty good estimation. Pretty much the best one that we have. Now, why is this bad? Well, I've described this before in the refill, but I'll give a quick refresher for those of you who aren't aware of this. The reason it's bad is because we have this notion of finality within the Beacon chain, where if two thirds or 66% of the ETH stake, kind of like stake themselves every 12 minutes to say, okay, well, everything that happened prior to these 12 minutes is finalized. And if anyone tries to revert history, there's going to be like a massive slashing event where most all of that ETH would kind of like get slashed. That is obviously like billions of dollars worth of economic security as part of that finality mechanism there. Now, 66% is the key number here because Prism has 68% of the network. So if Prism were to have a bug in it or kind of like some issue with it and it forked off of the chain and forked into its own chain, technically Prism would be the canonical chain because they have 68% of the network. So Lighthouse, Techo and Nimbus would be on the minority network and that network would not be recognized as the canonical one. It would not be finalized as the canonical one. And that would lead to a mess of having to use social consensus to basically, I don't know if rollback's the right word, but to basically fix the right term or to basically fix the chain back to that pre-bug or the decision could be made by the social layer that the Prism bug can kind of like stay in. And that's the kind of like chain that we're all using. Obviously, this is not good. And the thing is, is that this can happen on any network. Like Ethereum really is the only network, only crypto network that is trying to do multi-clients and trying to have client diversity in any real way. Bitcoin has one client, Bitcoin Core. I mean, okay, so I shouldn't say it just has one client. It does have other clients, but Bitcoin Core is like 99% of the network. So if Bitcoin Core had an issue or it had a bug, then the entire network would kind of like basically just follow along with that. And I guess like, I'm not sure if it would be less severe, just like a different kind of a different notion there. And the reason why we want client diversity within Ethereum, having multi-client architecture is in case one of the clients kind of like has a bug or something goes wrong with them, the whole network doesn't go down. Because as I've described before, Ethereum favors liveness over everything else. And to have a liveness or to have 100% uptime, you need to have redundancies in place. And having client diversity means redundancies because essentially if, as we've seen on Ethereum, the Ethereum 1 network, if one of the clients fails, the other one can pick up the slack. But in ETH 2, it's a very different affair because with ETH 1, it's on proof of work, right, where there's no concept of finality. And the kind of like chain that becomes kind of like the canonical chain is usually the one that didn't have the bug, even if it's the minority one. Whereas in proof of stake, it's very different as I just described. So we ideally want to see Prism below 60%, not even just below 66%, like below 60%. But unfortunately, it doesn't seem to be much changing here. And people have asked the question like, okay, how do we incentivize people to use different clients? Is there anything we can do here? There are a few different things here and there that we can do, but I don't know how much material impact that would make. Someone in the Discord channel kind of asked the question of what if these clients had tokens and they did kind of like token incentives. That would probably introduce a whole set of new issues such as client devs no longer being incentivized to drive value to ETH. They would be incentivized to drive value to their own token, which could lead to perverse things happening on the network. That's just scratching the surface of what client team introducing their own tokens would entail there. I don't think that's a solution. What about like a massive kind of, I guess, a campaign where everyone basically tells everyone else, you know, if you're a staker, you need to get off Prism. This is critical. Get onto one of these other clients to improve client diversity. That can work to an extent, but again, it's relying on kind of like altruism. I think the third thing that could be done, I had it, I've forgotten right now that what the third thing that could be done would be. Oh, okay. Yeah, sorry. The third thing that could be done, which does rely on altruism, but I think is a bit better of a way here, is make it dead simple for existing stakers to change from Prism to another client. Because right now it's actually relatively difficult, but not just difficult it for a lot of people that don't want to do it because their machine has been running just fine for a long time. Like imagine if you start, if you started say staking on December 1st, 2020 when the beacon chain went live and you've been running the Prism client the whole time and everything's been running well, you've been earning your rewards. And, and you know, now at this point you've probably forgotten how you set it up originally. If you haven't added any more validators, do you really want to mess around with your validator that's working right now just to change to another one? You don't, right? Like a lot of people don't want to do this. Even the hardcore Ethereum people that I know that know that client diversity is a big deal. They don't want to take the risk because there's risks like slashing risks and things like that, which is totally understandable. So can we make it easier for people to switch from Prism to, or from any client to any client basically? And we can, and I think people are working on this, but again, that does rely on altruism. It doesn't rely on people actively changing the clients that they're, that they're kind of like using. There's no direct monetary incentive for it, for it to happen there. But you know, and then, and then obviously like any new stakers that come online, we should be encouraging them to go for something other than Prism as well, especially the large staking pools like exchanges and things like Lido and stuff like that. I think Lido does a pretty good job here actually. So they're, they're not really an issue, but I think the centralized exchanges definitely need to do more here. But yeah, maybe post-merge we'll see better client diversity because people will be able to kind of like, you know, exit the validator sets, like stop validating before they switch clients, you know, to kind of basically eliminate that slashing risk. But we'll have to see, have to see how that plays out there. But yeah, go give this thread a read from Michael. It's got some more insights in it and gives his methodology of how he came to these numbers. All right. So Hayden from Unisop shared a tweet today that it's been only a few weeks since the launch of Unisop V3 on Polygon, the Polygon POS chain, and it's already the highest volume decks there. So on only $45 million of TVL as well. So on $45 million of TVL, there's been $74 million of 24 hour volume. I believe this is on par with, if not greater than the Arbitrum and Optimism volumes for Uniswap. And this is without incentives too. There's no incentives on Arbitrum and Optimism either, but this is without incentives there. And doing more volume than, than quick, quick swap on way less TVL and the quick swap was the native AMM that was on the Polygon POS chain for a long time. You know, this brings me back to what I, what I'm saying about kind of like brand awareness around Uniswap and why Uniswap still dominates AMMs. The brand awareness it has and the brand trust that has is literally second to none. Like it's so far ahead of the pack that it's insane. And their tech, like Uniswap V3 is so far ahead of the pack in terms of capital efficiency and returning a good reward, good APYs to LPs that there is no competition. And obviously Uniswap V4 is being worked on right now as well. So, and V3 has a license on it the last two years where no one can use it unless they go, well, no one can legally use it. Of course people can fork it and do it illegally, but no one can legally fork a Uniswap V3 or deploy V3 to anywhere that hasn't been signed off by, by governance. So from that perspective, yeah, a lot of these forks are still on the V2 of Uniswap, which is, which is, I guess like, I don't know if I'd say it's, it's inferior, but it's a different kind of like thing. And I think V3 is definitely, you know, I mean, V3 is obviously more capital efficient, but it's definitely a better system in general, at least I believe, but I don't think that's an objective fact. I think there, there are benefits and pros and cons to each, you know, V2 and V3, but a lot of these kind of like other AMMs are based on Uniswap V2 and not, not V3, but still really, really cool to see these. Obviously the Polygon POS chains ecosystem is very large. There's a lot of moving parts there. There's a lot of users on there. There's a lot of capital, you know, just sitting there wanting to LP and things like that. And as I said, V3 is incredibly efficient with capital. And that's why that Uniswap V3 has been able to do more volume than QuickSwap with way less TVL. TVL on Uniswap V3 is $45 million or $46 million. And TVL on QuickSwap is $814 million. So much less kind of like a TVL liquidity there, much more capital efficiency. So good, great to see this from Uniswap on Polygon. So an update on that liquidity mining program that Littler Cohen has been championing for Arbitrum and Optimism. It's coming very soon. So he announced yesterday that they have been able to get an audit done by ABDK, which has started today and should be completed in two to three weeks. So for reference, ABDK is one of the top auditing firms. You can see here that I think ABDK is tier two. So obviously one of the top here out of six tiers. And while they're waiting for the audit, David Mihal who of a crypto fees.info fame is building the UI to adapt for the changes that they made to the staking contracts. TLDR LPs need to provide a range for a minimum with to avoid single ticker whales, raking in all the uni rewards, benefits fairness and retail friendly. So it's a bit more information in this thread here, but we should within the next month or so see liquidity mining rewards for Uniswap on Arbitrum and Optimism. So essentially what this would mean is that you get uni token rewards for Lping on Arbitrum and Optimism. And I think Polygon is going to be doing rewards as well for Uniswap V3, maybe some medic rewards on there. And I'm sure, you know, if liquidity mining is successful in Arbitrum and Optimism, we may see that on Polygon as well. But I think this is going to be a big deal because if this works as we hope it does, I think there's going to be other projects that kind of like try this approach to drive more activity to Arbitrum and Optimism. They're obviously going to get a lot more users and a lot more TVL on there because we've all seen what happens when you do a liquidity mining program correctly. You get a lot of people coming across the farm, the rewards. Yes, there may be mercenaries, but it's a really cool way to bootstrap an ecosystem and get and just kind of like get the flywheel going there. So really cool to see this. And I'll keep you guys updated on the progress here. So speaking of Optimism, Matcha is now live there. So obviously Matcha is the DEX aggregator that is pretty much everywhere these days. They're on Ethereum, Polygon, Avalanche, you know, Phantom and now Optimism. So this is obviously powered by 0x project, which means 0x is now live on Optimism as well. So really cool to see this. Just another thing for you to use on Optimism. I'm sure they're going to be live on Arbitrum soon. So if you know, for Arbitrum users out there, don't fret. But you know, as we all know, Optimism moved their white list. So it's no surprise to see these things going live. And I think this is just in time because as I said just before, the unique token awards are going to drive a lot of volume to these things. And I think people are going to want to use Matcha or use kind of like DEX aggregators to trade within these things. So having kind of like more liquidity and more users coming there to use both Uniswap and Matcha, whether they're finding rewards or not, is a pretty big deal. So yeah, really, really cool to see this. Go test it out if you're an Optimism user. So Immutable announced today that everyone can now seamlessly onboard and mint on Immutable Rex directly without contacting their team or using a signup form first. So basically, this is, I guess, like permissionless onboarding and minting for your projects on Immutable X for your NFT projects. You know, I think there was a project on Immutable recently within the last 24 hours from, I believe, Gary Vee. If I kind of like get the tweet up here. And it was a very, very successful one. Yeah, there's someone tweeting about it here saying, the claiming process using Immutable X for VeeFriends book games was the smoothest I've seen in the NFT space so far. Simple sign in, shows allocated tokens, immediately shows we're already no gas fees. The future looks bright for layer two. So Immutable X is just doing an amazing job here, getting a lot of people on board, especially like the more normie crowd that are really interested in NFTs. And the fact that you can now kind of like onboard and mint seamlessly on Immutable X without having to go through the team is a big deal because we're going to get a lot more projects on there and not just the ones that the team has had a chance to onboard. So really, really cool to see that. Another related announcement from Immutable is that they now hit 1000 test contracts registered on Immutable X. So in just two months, this number skyrocketed for X showing the insane growth of interest among developers choosing the Immutable X protocol. So that's just related to what I was saying before about how basically like, you know, people want to deploy their own NFTs. They want to do their own stuff on here and being able to do that in a permissionless way without going through the team is a really, really big deal. So really, really cool to see that as well. So DYDX has put out a update on their roadmap and looking ahead to VeeFour, which is their top priority that they plan to have released by end of year 2022. So they're describing DYDX VeeFour as a fully decentralized community controlled and no central component version with no central party will receive trading fees on DYDX VeeFour. So this is full decentralization. Now, I wonder, I didn't really see this kind of too much in the blog post unless I missed it. I wonder if they're going to be decentralizing the, I guess, call it a sequencer or the nodes of their layer two network as part of this, because that's what full decentralization means to me. I don't think they went into detail about that in the blog post. If I missed that, do let me know, but I didn't see that in the blog post, but that's what it kind of like means to me. So, and the fact that they're saying no central party will receive trading fees on DYDX VeeFour means to me that it would go to kind of like a Dow or it would go to kind of the Dow and then it also go to the people running nodes in order to incentivize them to keep the network up and things like that. But not just kind of like the layer two network itself, but also the off-chain order book and even the kind of like front ends and stuff like that. So that's what full decentralization means to me. I hope that's part of kind of like their roadmap. Obviously, this is a big undertaking and they're saying they're going to get it done by the end of the year and they've still got 12 months, almost 12 months to do it, of course. But I hope that's what they mean by full decentralization. And they don't just mean like, you know, we're 90% decentralized, but there's still that kind of like 10% centralized part. But I'm excited to see how this goes. I mean, they could blaze a path forward for like how other DeFi teams or at least DeFi L2 teams do this, or maybe more, maybe more specifically DeFi L2 teams that run their own L2s and don't just kind of like deploy to the generalized ones like Alpertone Optimism, but run their own kind of like layer two roll-out protocol, like Diversify, Loopring, SoRare, Immutable X, DYDEX, it doesn't have to be DeFi, right? It can be anything. I think this would be kind of like a blueprint for them to work off. So really cool to see how this progresses during the year. I'm glad that they are committed to this because obviously decentralization of everything should be the main goal for these sorts of things. And I wonder if when they do this, US people will be able to trade on DYDEX without a VPN. I think they should, right? I think, you know, there'll be people building for other front ends that won't block US users and stuff like that. So that's going to be cool as well. And that's what we want for full decentralization, right? So that you don't have to block people from doing things because you can just use a different UI instead of the quote unquote official one or the one that was built originally by the team there. All right, final update. So EPNS mainnet is now officially alive. So you can read the blog post for me more detail here, but just a refresher on what EPNS is. It stands for Ethereum Push Notification Service and they build themselves as the communication layer of web three. So it allows you to create, send and receive a multi-chain push notifications among dapps and users. Now, disclosure here, I am a small seed investor in EPNS as you know, some of you already know, but really cool to see them finally live on mainnet. So you can read this blog post. It's quite short so that it won't take you too long to kind of like read it here. But for them to finally be live on mainnet after working really hard on net over the last few months or so, I mean, it's been more than a few months. I think it's been like over a year now or something like that is really awesome to see because the funny thing is like I spoke to the founders a while ago now on my first call with them before I invested or anything like that. They're first time builders. They kind of like had EPNS that they did for a hackathon and they were just so passionate about what they were building. It was infectious, right? I was just like, they were talking about it. They're two founders in India and I was like, this is awesome, right? Like these people that are just kind of like building this kind of like really cool things that people actually want to use and building something that's actually needed within the industry. They're kind of like super committed to it. The first time founders obviously have a kind of like a long road ahead of them with developing products, but it was just infectious for me. So that's why I kind of like made my investment in them and got really excited about them and have been following them for quite a while now. And whenever a project gets to mainnet, I know how the teams feel because I used to work for set protocol directly. And whenever we ship something to mainnet, it was just such an amazing feeling because you'd been working on it for so long. Some of the things you work on for like months and months and months. And then when you finally get it to mainnet and people start using it, people get excited about it. It's kind of like all those months worth of work, you know, sacrificing basically your social life, working really hard, working kind of like overtime, stuff like that. It all seems worth it at that point. Right. And it's just like a really great gratifying feeling. So, you know, that's why I can't, you know, I imagine that's what the EPNS kind of like founders and team are feeling over this mainnet launch. But yeah, anyway, that's just a little backstory there because I like highlighting founders and teams that I really gel with, but definitely go give the blog post to read for more information about this and visit the website as well to play around with their kind of mainnet deployment here. I have a few minutes left actually on this episode. So maybe I should talk quickly about a topic that I wanted to just touch on today. Just to follow up what I said yesterday about the markets. What I always find funny about the markets is that you'll have like a down week where things will go down 20, 30%. And then you'll have like a day where things got 5% again and everyone gets super bullish, right? Like everyone's like really, really bearish. And then you'll have like the inevitable recovery day because at that point, like the short term speculators are done selling for the short term. And then you have like that inevitable bounce. And I just find it hilarious going on crypto Twitter and everyone is suddenly bullish again. The sentiment shift never ceases to amaze me. Always makes me laugh. But I'm sure you guys noticed it today. But in general, like I'm sure you also noticed that in the macro environment, Jerome Powell, the Fed chair said that he expects interest rates to remain really low for the foreseeable future. And then he also said that he thinks that stable coins, private stable coins are going to exist alongside kind of like government stable coins. So really positive kind of news there. And sometimes you may think yourself, is this all coordinated? Like do kind of like the politicians do does the Fed do these kind of people just do all this so they can get a cheaper entry? I know that's going into conspiracy theory territory, but sometimes it does seem a little bit coordinated, a little bit weird, not just for crypto, but just like for the wider financial markets. And what I find to be to be kind of like really back that up is that from from what I've read in Congress in the US, I don't think there's kind of like very strict laws against insider trading. So a lot of the kind of like politicians will trade based on all of the inside information they get for being a politician. And I'm pretty sure it's not illegal or at least it's not illegal in any way in which they can actually get penalized for it or get sent to jail. And it's very hard to kind of like kind of like ping them for it. So from that perspective as well, it just leads kind of like credibility to that because you know, at the end of the day, if you have a position of power where you can actually move financial markets and it's not just politicians, it's anyone who has a position where they actually do have an effect on certain financial markets, maybe you use that to benefit yourself, right? I'm sure a lot of people do, but I think Jerome Powell hasn't actually abused his position from everything that I've seen from him. He has a very tough job. Everything that he says is kind of like, you know, I guess, torn to pieces. Anything he says is torn to pieces and analyze and everyone tries to see kind of the hidden message. But I think he's been pretty, pretty steadfast with a lot of things. Obviously, he's made comments in the past, which he's changed his tune on, like, you know, inflation being transitory, things like that. But they're very calculated kind of statements made for one reason or another, whether that's kind of like to kind of like calm the markets or to get the markets going again. And there's obviously a lot of politics that plays into it. But generally, I think that people read or see what they want to see and that's it. So we'll have to see how the market goes from here. As I said to you guys, like long-term bullish always, no idea about the short to medium term, and also no idea about the macroeconomic environment. Like, it's just not my field and there's only very few people in the world that I actually believe have a great read on it. And that's why you see most hedge funds don't actually outperform just like a baseline index, like the S&P 500, because it's so hard. There's so many moving parts to it. And that's not to say that you can't outperform it doing DJ and stuff within crypto, but that's a whole, that's a discussion for another kind of like another video. That's a whole different topic. So I think I'm at time now, so I'm going to end it there. Thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.