 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligay Refuel where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Dan the Nisusana and today's the 28th of September 2022. Alright everyone let's get into it. So apologies for yesterday guys. I realized after I put the refuel out on Monday that at the end I mentioned that I wasn't going to do a refuel for the Tuesday but I didn't mention it at the start. So apologies for that. I just took a day off but obviously I'm back today and there won't be any other days off this week so expect a refuel every day this week. But with that out of the way let's jump into the news from the last 48 hours. Starting with there was a meeting that some central bankers were having from the US, Powell, the EU, Lagarde and a few others. And Lagarde, the EU central bank, I can't remember the exact title she has but she basically said, well she mentioned the case of DoKwon warranting need for regulation within crypto. So this meeting was about crypto I think specifically or digital currencies as they're calling it. They like to call it their own specific names there. And I quote tweeted this and I said you know I still don't think people realize how much damage Terra and DoKwon has done to crypto. Look there's a lot of different opinions here and I'm not going to say that Terra and DoKwon are alone in the damage to crypto's reputation outside of the ecosystem right. And then people screaming for regulation and stuff like that. And Hayden Adams from Uniswap replied to my tweet with what I thought was a really good reply. He said you know DoKwon didn't make Terra into a 60 billion dollar ecosystem, the market did. The greed and stupidity of many different people caused this. I agree with that but I then replied by saying you know of course it wasn't just him alone but he was a very loud figurehead and acted as Terra's main marketing vehicle. And obviously that worked wonders to grow Terra into a 60 billion dollar ecosystem. Do could have prevented a lot of the harm too by not being a total cowboy. He could have prevented so much of the harm right. Like not only was he building something that a lot of smart people told him was going to fail. But on top of that he could have put guardrails in right. He just let the thing grow as fast as possible, as big as he could get it with lots and lots of money pouring in. And that's what I mean by like total cowboy right. There was no guarded launch, there was no guardrails put in place, there was nothing like that. All there was was basically let's grow this thing as high as we can and obviously things were pumping and no one really cared because it was a bull market. And everyone's like yeah everything's fine like Luna's mooning, UST supply is growing, we're going to kill Dai, we're going to kill all these stablecoins, it's going to be amazing. Obviously that didn't pan out right. So we shouldn't just blame obviously DoKwon and the Terra ecosystem alone. There's a lot of the blame definitely lies with the people that enabled this of course and the greed and the stupidity around that. But I think that that doesn't excuse the fact that the people who created it, the people who promoted it the most and you know people who designed it are at the root of the issue here. And as I said like I think that people don't realize that this has done a lot of damage in that regulators are looking at crypto a lot more than they were. They're looking at how many people have lost money from things like the Terra collapse which a lot of people lost money on guys. It wasn't just on the Luna token. This was the main problem with Terra. It wasn't just the Luna token, it was UST and people went into UST thinking that it was safe because it was called a stablecoin because it was pegged to a dollar or at least soft pegged to a dollar right. They thought they were safe. Well then the governments look at this, regulators look at this and they're like well we can't have this going on. We can't have people thinking that they're safe in these things and then they're not right. You guys know my general view on regulation now so I'm not going to go into that. But that's how they look at these things and there's obviously people going that have lost a lot of money. They're doing lawsuits and stuff like that and that's all costs that pile up and that's all things that look bad or at least governments think look bad on themselves for not regulating this stuff. So the regulations come down. They think they need to protect everyone and to be honest like it becomes harder and harder to argue against certain regulations for people because like this is a broader discussion so I'll try to keep it on topic. But this goes with everything in life. People in general have a really hard time controlling themselves. I'm very guilty of this. I'm sure everyone is you know listening and watching this is very guilty of this in certain areas of your life. We don't have total control over everything right. We have weaknesses. We're human at the end of the day. But I think it becomes a massive problem when it involves money. Like when for example gambling. Gambling is a huge problem. Should we outright ban gambling? I don't think so. Should we heavily regulate it? Well I mean it doesn't matter if it should or shouldn't. It's been heavily regulated. Like I mean in the US I think up until recently or maybe it still is online sports betting was banned. I don't know if it's still banned but it was banned which is really crazy to me because in Australia online sports betting is massive. Like it's everywhere. It's actually a culture shock for people who haven't come who haven't been to Australia to see that. It's literally everywhere. I don't pay much attention to sport but whenever it's just on TV every single ad break without fail is littered with gambling ads. And it's for the mobile app. You just download it and they'll give you like 50 bucks to start or something. And then you know that's their way of drawing you in. And slot machines are also absolutely massive. But the slot machines are heavily regulated. So are the gambling apps. But at the end of the day I mean people are still going to use them. People are still going to play them and they can still get access to them. So I think regulations don't really serve the purpose that people want them to serve. There's always that the governments want them to serve. There's always ways around it. People always do what they want to do. They find ways around it and people have very self-destructive behavior when it comes to addictions. I mean I've been addicted to things in the past. I mean I struggled a lot with my weight for a very long time. I was very addicted to food. I would eat just whatever I wanted whenever I wanted. It wasn't healthy. It was really really bad. And once I finally lost the weight I mean it was hard because I tried many many times to do that. It was very hard for me to basically wean myself off that addiction that I had. So it applies to everything and everyone. But as I said when it involves money and when it involves people losing money especially when they lose lots of money. And especially their life saving and things like that. That's when the government steps in and says here we can protect you. But in reality I don't think that's the case. I think that people are going to do these things regardless of what protections are in place. They're going to find ways to do it. And I think that generally there isn't a fix here. Like I don't actually think you can fix this behavior. It's been going on for thousands of years. It's going to go on for thousands more years. It's just human nature at the end of the day. But I think what we can do to at least I guess help with this is we can self-regulate within the ecosystem. We can keep calling out all this stuff so that we can actually save or help the people who may not have that kind of like addiction. Or may not develop that into an addiction. Or help people avoid these sorts of things. I mean there's plenty of people who messaged me and was like you know thanks for. I mean I didn't really call it out too much. The Bankless guys called it out a lot more. But I feel messaging me saying you know thanks for calling out Terai dodged a bullet there. So that sort of stuff obviously is maybe on the smaller scale side of things. But I don't think we should stop doing that. And as I said I also think that projects within crypto whether they be on Ethereum or otherwise. Should put in guard rails and should have guarded launches. And should make sure that you're listening to constructive feedback coming from the ecosystem. Like if someone if not just some but if a lot of people a lot of smart people are telling you that your thing is a Ponzi. I mean if you're not going to listen to that if you're going to have a massive ego like Doh did. If you're going to completely ignore all of that advice and just keep doing what you're doing and be a total cowboy. Well at that point you could be viewed as a malicious actor I think in my eyes. Like you're not listening to anyone. You're I mean Doh was on Twitter shitting on everyone that would ever criticize Terai. Saying that without that we're just fighting. That's not self-regulation there. That's literally you know basically inviting as many people as you can into your ecosystem. And then once it crashes they all lose out. And I know Doh Kwon I mean he's on the run at the moment he hasn't been arrested yet. There is actually a warrant out for his arrest. This is rare in financial crimes. It's very rare for people to actually get arrested. But there is that. So I don't know I don't think that's really going to change anything. And that's not self-regulation that's on the government side of things. But I do think as I said people still underestimating all the damage that was done here. And we need to do a much better job of self-regulating. But it's hard I mean you guys probably saw the last six months of 2021. When all the LTL1s were exploding and NFTs were exploding and obviously Terai was. And no one cared no one wanted to listen. Like anytime you brought up anything even if you hinted at the fact that things were going to crash. Or there'd be a bear market again like you would get shit on. And then it just becomes a thing of well do you want to put up with all that abuse. Well I mean no right it's not even worth it. Like just to what save a few souls that that actually listen to you. For a lot of people it's not worth it. And that's the problem with trying to self-regulate within crypto. Is that and especially online because social media is so prevalent in our ecosystem. And especially social media where people can just spin up bots. There's plenty of bots out there promoting all manner of trash right. And when that happens you don't know who's real who's not real. And you're just bombarded and your human brain can't take that. You're just like well why would I sit here and take this abuse when I can just not say anything. And that's what happened to a lot of people. A lot of people stopped saying things. A lot of people ended up saying thinking oh well okay this terror thing might actually work right. Because there was just this army of people supporting. And this army of people saying that it was all fun blah blah. And it kind of like tricks you into a maybe not a false sense of security. But like it tricks you into believing something that you may not have believed otherwise. So anyway I'm going to leave that at that because I've ranted a little bit there. But I think it's very important because the bull market will inevitably come back. I don't know when it's going to come back but it will. And I'm going to go through the same stuff again. I just hope that this time we can actually do more self-regulation than we have in the past. Am I holding my breath for that? No because I've been in the secret system for a long time now. I've seen it time and time again. As I said humans do not change. They are always the same because human nature takes thousands, tens of thousands of years to evolve. I mean humans in general take that long to evolve. Whereas the technology that we build and the things that we do evolve a lot faster than our primitive brains can handle. When you think about it our brains are still in the same state they were when we were cavemen. When we were still basically, you know, when humans first came into existence. So when you think about that, I mean it's pretty obvious that things are always going to be the same from a human perspective. At least for the foreseeable future because as I said evolution takes a long time. And as humans we innovate way faster, orders of magnitude faster than we can evolve to actually handle that. And I think social media generally is a big example of that as well. In that I don't think humans have evolved to a point where social media is actually part of our being. And we can actually cope and handle it because social media has caused a lot of issues in the world. I mean it's funny because I say that but I'm a religious user of Twitter. And I think that Twitter as a platform is actually pretty bad for most things. I think Twitter is good for maybe, you know, getting the news, seeing a few tweets and things like that. That kind of like gives some insight into things. But most of it isn't that. Most of it is rage baiting, doom scrolling, engagement farming, all these sorts of stuff. Just for people to get attention and on the internet attention is money, right? You can monetize that. So I think that we haven't evolved to cope with that and that's led to a lot of downstream problems there. But that's getting onto another topic. As I said, I tried to keep it brief there but I do ramble a lot because I think about this a lot. And I think that it's only going to get worse. I really don't think there's any kind of way out of this. I think that as humans we're addicted to social media. We're addicted to, you know, crypto, especially bull markets. We're addicted to all these sorts of things that may not necessarily be good for us. But it's very hard to break away from them, especially in modern society where it's kind of like expected that you have some form of social media. It's expected that you're contactable in an online way. Whether that be email or an instant messaging platform. These are all baked into modern society. And if you don't participate in it, you can feel like an outsider, feel like an outcast. And you can miss out on things. And you may be completely blocked from doing something. And then if you have to do it the manual way, it probably take much longer than doing it the digital way. So it's kind of like a thing where it's a vicious loop where you try to get out of it but you can't. Because if you try to get out of it, your quality of life would probably go down. Because you can't access certain things. And yeah, imagine trying to do banking without internet banking in this day and age. It just really wouldn't work, right? Imagine going to the bank to write a check to pay someone. Like it just, you know what I mean? Your quality of life goes down by doing that. And that's why we don't do it. But anyway, I'm going to answer down, going on more about it. There's a bunch of other stuff to get through. But just wanted to touch on that today. All right, so we had our first ultrasound day since the merge. And this was kind of out of nowhere really. So you can see here that ultrasound money, the Twitter account posted that. The post-merge ETH supply was down on the daily, a negative 13 ETH over the 24 hours from where this tweet was posted. And as I said, first ultrasound day since the merge, which means it was the first deflationary day since the merge, which is very cool. In saying that, I have noted before that I don't think you should just look at the day-to-day issuance changes within Ethereum as anything more than noise. And I said that when it's inflationary. And I'll say the same thing about deflationary. I think it's a cool metric. It's fun that we have these deflationary days. But what matters is weekly, monthly, yearly kind of issuance. I think, to be honest, I actually think what matters is lifetime issuance since ERP1559 went live. Have we been deflationary since that point? Yes, well, that's what matters to me. I don't think anything else really matters because at the end of the day, if we have been deflationary since that point, like net deflationary, it means that the supply has gone down, all the supply is less than it would have been without 1559, which I think is also very, very important. And I went through this last week a lot when I talked about how we've issued so much more ETH since, sorry, so much less ETH in a proof of stake world than we would have in a proof of work world and all that kind of around there as well. But in terms of what drove this, it was, I mean, it was the usual suspects. You can see over the last seven days what's used the most gas. It's the same as the last 30 days really and basically all. It's the last seven days, it's Uniswap, OpenSea, ETH transfers, Tether, Uniswap again, and a bunch of other things underneath that. It doesn't show me the day that we were ultrasound on here, but this one shows close enough. It's pretty much the same. So I think activity just went up because the volatility of the market went up a little bit and people just felt like, I guess, doing some more trading. And there was more arbing going on as well and MEV and stuff like that. So as I said, when the market heats up, gas prices follow. It's pretty correlated a lot of the time because of the fact that a lot of the on-chain stuff is financial in nature. And then obviously when the market heats up, there's more financial opportunity. And then we get that extra burn, which leads to ultrasound days here. So and just like for an update here, the supply chain since the merge has only been 8,400 new ETH. Under proof of work, it would have been 165,000 new ETH, guys. That's just crazy. I still love those numbers. I love them so much. But yeah, that's crazy. And the issuance is only at 0.19% since the merge. And that will go down as we get more burn. Like if the gas fees go up again, that'll keep going. When the market heats up again, that'll keep going down. So it's just, yeah, it's absolutely crazy. I love it. But yeah, enough on that one. On to the next part of the news, which is 14 million ETH now staked in the proof of stake deposit contract. This is pretty huge. I mean, you can see here on the Beacon Chain website that we currently have AQ. So there's about 218 pending validators. But there's been validators being added every other day. Like we're going, I mean, obviously staking right now is up only. But it's good to see that more validators are coming in. And our participation rates back to what it was pre-merge, which is also awesome to see. But I'm wondering if I can get this chart up for you guys right now. The charts are here, actually. There's a chart that shows, I believe, yeah, validators. History of daily active validators. And you can see that what it was, I guess, just at the time of the merge, it was about, what, 427,000? Now it's 436,000. So we've added about 9,000 new validators. If you times that by 32 ETH, it's another 288,000 ETH that has been added to the Beacon Chain here. And the fun thing about that is you can actually count that as part of this if you want. Like, as I said, putting ETH into staking is locking it right now until withdrawals are enabled. So I won't be able to get a good view until withdrawals are enabled about how much ETH is actually locked, how much will be unstaked, all that sort of stuff. Obviously, that won't happen until Beacon Chain withdrawals are enabled. But you can basically say that because we've locked up 288,000 ETH that wasn't locked up before, that's pretty, that could add to the, I guess, like supply, the supply, that could, sorry, that could offset the new supply of ETH coming into the market because it's technically locking it up. It's not an exact science here. I'm not saying that like the 288,000 ETH was removed from the supply or anything like that. But for the next six or 12 months, it has been removed from the active supply, to be fair. And so is, I guess, 14 million ETH. But we won't know exactly what that looks like until Beacon Chain withdrawals are enabled. So I'm not going to put too much stock in that. I'm, I think, I'm personally very much looking forward to Beacon Chain withdrawals being enabled. For a number of reasons, but on the market side of things, I really want to just see how it acts. Like, and it really does depend on what the price of ETH is at the time, I believe. If the price of ETH is like a thousand bucks, say, or what it is now, what is it, $1,300 or something right now. If that's the price of ETH at time of withdrawals, I don't think we would see as much ETH withdrawn, if, you know, as opposed to the price being 3,000, 4,000 or 5,000. I obviously do think as the price is higher, there'll be more people withdrawing because they'll want to take profit. But there's going to be a large subset of people that are not going to withdraw, right? They're just going to keep staking. I think that the majority of the network is just going to keep staking. I think what people are going to do is they're going to withdraw their rewards, especially because a lot of people have to pay taxes. So you can be guaranteed that a lot of that ETH will be sold, the rewards, not the staked ETH, but the rewards will be sold because of taxes. And they won't probably want to take profits through. And maybe they're using validating as a passive income stream that actually they need the money to, to pay bills and things like that. That's all going to happen. But I'm curious to see how much of the principle, so how much of that 32 ETH slots or 32 ETH packets get withdrawn at time of withdrawals. We'll have to wait and see how that goes there. All right. So there's this new tool out of the elaborate Web3 product development studio here today. And this was posted in the Dailyware Discord by Crypto Spanglish. So shout out to them. But it basically starts this thread by saying, since the ETH merge, over 25% of blocks have come through MEV boost relays. A large percentage of these relays are regulated under OFAC and will censor transactions. We've launched MEV watch to bring awareness to this emerging censorship vector. So you guys know that the Flashbots MEV relay are currently, what is it? What is it currently? Censors transactions, OFAC compliant transactions. So the Tournota Cash ones. So this MEV watch website tracks all of that. So you can see that if you exclude all blocks and just include MEV boost only blocks, currently 82% of the network is using Flashbots. So it's using a relay out that is actually censoring transactions. So obviously not healthy. Then you have a couple more here, block native and blocks route regulated. And I think there's one more. Yeah, Eden, which also does the censorship here. But then there's a few others, blocks route max profit and blocks route ethical and manifold, which don't do that censorship. So you can see that I guess it's very heavily concentrated around Flashbots MEV relay. I think that's just because it's been around the longest and obviously Flashbots are the creators of MEV boost. So they're the most trusted, but still not really great to see, obviously. So this site tracks all that, but this reminds me of the client diversity websites that track how diverse each of the clients are. And this was obviously put together so that we can monitor these sorts of things and encourage people to change from these censoring relays. Now, if I click this and include all blocks, this is non-MEV blocks and MEV blocks. So you can see here that it's only 24.6% that are censoring right now as part of those relays. 4% isn't as part of the relays and then 71.3% that isn't using MEV boost relays at all is default not censoring here. So I really like this site. I think it's definitely a very welcome resource for us to keep an eye on and to keep putting pressure on these different entities to make sure that they... I mean, maybe not the entities themselves, but probably put pressure on the stakers to switch to a different relay. Because I think the entities are not going to stop what they're doing. Like, I think, you know, Flashbots, I believe, is based in the US. So, or at least a lot of their team is based in the US, so that makes sense. Block Native, definitely a US-based company. I think BlocksRoute is maybe? No, BlocksRoute may be from Israel, I'm not sure. And Eden, I believe, is US-based. But I think when they're doing this, it means that they're in a jurisdiction that they don't want to, I guess, run afoul with. Which, I guess, makes sense, and this is why we're working on other tools like Sensitive Resistant List and things like that as well. But go check out this website at MEVwatch.info to see all the metrics here. Alright, so a funny tweet thread from Chipotle today on Twitter. So Chipotle is a popular food chain in the US, which I've never eaten actually. I haven't had it in the US yet. But they put together a thread and started saying, you know, 99.99% off a stake bowl, anyone? Here's why. And then they say, Ethereum's recent move to proof of stake could mean that ETH now uses 99.95% less energy. And then they continue the thread with a little bit of, I guess, like terms, competition terms and things like that underneath. But what I want to focus on is the fact that this is a major US-based company signaling support for a cryptocurrency. And they're doing it by saying how much less energy Ethereum uses. And this goes back to what I was saying about how I think that institutions and companies and other such entities are going to feel much more comfortable promoting Ethereum than they did in the past, simply because Ethereum is now on proof of stake instead of proof of work. So this is just a very, I guess, surface level example of that. I don't think that it's representative of a trend shift just yet. But I think we're going to keep seeing more and more of this. At the end of the day, as I said plenty of times in the past, it doesn't matter if that proof of work stuff is true or not. It doesn't matter about any of the arguments. All that matters is the narrative. And the narrative is against proof of work in the, I guess, like wider ecosystem outside of crypto. And that means that it opens the door for these companies to say, hey, here's proof of stake. It uses less energy, right? So I just wanted to highlight that. I thought it was a funny thread, but not promoting Chipotle at all here. I just wanted to highlight their thread there. But it's pretty good marketing though at the end of the day. All right, a fresh thread here from Polyneur today, or maybe is it Poly-Nair? I can't remember exactly how it was pronounced, but I'm going to keep saying Polyneur because I've been saying that for a while. But basically, they were talking about Moore's Law and how the Nvidia CEO said that Moore's Law is dead. Intel CEO said Moore's Law is not dead. Crypto shills have said Moore's Law will make us two times faster every two years. And who is right? Well, as always, the answer is likely in the middle. Performance at ISO dollars or W only doubles every 46 years now. So I guess Moore's Law in terms of it happening every two years is dead, but it's not dead and it happening every four to six years. So it's just gotten longer now. It takes to kind of like double those transistors on a circuit here. So Polyneur gives some justification as to why they believe this. And I think what I wanted to focus on here is that what's happened with the hardware side of things is that hardware has hit like a bottleneck now where to get those performance gains, you basically need to make trade-offs. So essentially, the trade-offs that get made here, as Polyneur explains, is that in hardware terms, a 4090, which is the new graphics card that Nvidia announced, is only 1.5 times faster than the 3090 after two years, but at a 1.7 times higher cost. It gets to its two times quoted figure through software innovations like DLSS3 and RT scheduling. And this is what Jensen, which is the Nvidia CEO, means by when he says Moore's Law is dead. So basically, it requires, I believe, more power and more resources to give those two times, I guess, to get that two times quoted figure because of the fact that they had to make optimizations on the software side of things rather than the hardware side of things. And that is true for not only, I guess, graphics cards, but also everything. So, you know, this applies to crypto, as Polyneur says here. To increase performance whilst keeping the cost of verification same or lower, we need software innovations like validity proofs through zero-knowledge proofs, more efficient algorithms for ZK proof, stateless proofs, stateless verification, more efficient and performant client software, etc. I can't rely on hardware. This is why Polyneur has been banging the drum for a long time and so have I about monolithic blockchains inherently being limited and unscalable as opposed and compared to layer twos in the form of zero-knowledge roll-ups. They just can't compete. They can do software iterations, right? They can do software upgrades, stuff like that. But at the end of the day, if you are relying on hardware to, I guess, speed up your ecosystem, to scale your ecosystem, you hit bottlenecks that, I guess, like have extreme diminishing returns due to the fact that hardware improvements have hit that wall. And if you're relying on Moore's law, you know, in the two years context, well, that's not true anymore. You're going to have to wait four to six years. And on top of that, that hardware improvement can come to ZK roll-ups as well. That ZK rolls aren't just limited by software improvement. It can come to them as well. It can come to Ethereum layer one. So the best of both worlds, I still truly believe, is the modular scaling roadmap where we do both software and hardware innovations, but we split up the concerns and we say, okay, well, we can throw as much hardware and software as we want at layer two, but layer one, we need to keep the way it is. We need to do more software upgrades than just trying to throw as much hardware as possible at it because it becomes very costly for people to run a full node. The network inevitably centralizes and that's no good to anyone. So I'll link this to it in the YouTube description. You can go check it out, but I thought it was a good read. All right. So EPNS announced today that they have rebranded to Push Protocol. So this is a full rebrand across the entire protocol. So not just the name, but also the marketing copy, the graphics, everything here. And I should disclose that I am a seed investor in what is now known as Push Protocol here. And for those of you who don't know, Push Protocol enables cross-chain notifications and messaging for dapps, wallets, and users. Essentially, they're a push notification protocol for web three. I thought it was a really cool idea when I first invested. I still think it's a very cool idea. And I'm really glad that they changed the name because like, I'm not going to say what it sounds like, but if I read out EPNS, you can probably hear what it sounds like. And I don't know if they changed it because of that, but I had a lot of people saying that and making jokes about it. So I'm glad that they changed that. Plus, I think Push Protocol is probably just a better name and you can just refer to it as Push, right? I think that's just a better name generally. And basically, EPNS stands for Ethereum Push Notification Service, which is obviously a mouthful. So just saying Push Protocol or Push is a lot better there. So congrats to them on the rebrand here. You can go check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right. So just a quick shout out here. Wocky said today that Gitcoin has funded $69 million worth of open source digital public goods, which is obviously awesome. You can see here broken down by quarter. Tracks pretty closely with the market action. You can see that the biggest quarter was in Q4 2021 because that was the height of the bull market. Then we had a down quarter in Q1 of 2022 and Q2 2022 again, but not too much of a down quarter. And I think things still got funded. There's obviously a lot of money still going towards open source projects, but during bull markets, people feel richer. They have more money. They're more willing to open up their, I guess, wallets and give money to projects. But I think the fact that we're still remaining strong here is really good. It hasn't gone down by like 90 plus percent like NFT trading volume has gone down, which means I think that a lot of this isn't speculative, right? A lot of this is just people genuinely wanting to support open source software, which is always awesome to see. I've only got a couple minutes left here. I want to power through the rest of these. So OpenSea announced today that they're live on optimism. This comes very shortly after they announced that they were live on Arbitrum. And I mentioned, I think when I talked about that, that I would expect optimism to come soon. Well, here it is. Now you can use OpenSea on optimism with a bunch of different NFT projects that are on there. You can go check that out. We'll link it in the YouTube description below. Major announcement out of Polygon, Robinhood today. So Robinhood's Web3 wallet beta is now live, and it's live exclusively on the Polygon POS chain here, which is another huge win for Polygon. Again, speaks to their absolutely massive business development efforts, and they're the best business development team in the game, I believe. You guys know I'm an advisor to Polygon, but I think it's very hard for anyone to deny that Polygon have the best business development team in the biz right now. Even if I wasn't an advisor, I think I'd be saying that just because they're just landing all these massive partnerships here. So congrats to them on this. And I wonder which network Robinhood is going to support next. Will they support layer 2s? Will they support Ethereum layer 1? Will they support Alt-L1s? We'll have to wait and see. I'm sure they're going to support all of them, but I'm curious about what the order is here. All right, so ENS announced today that they're collaborating with Poop and IYK to give some seriously sweet swag to DevCon Bogata attendees. Supplies are limited and pre-registration is essential, so read on to learn what you need to know to be able to get one at the event. I'll link this in the YouTube description for you to read on about. Very cool to see this. Poop and ENS are two of my favorite projects in the Ethereum ecosystem, so I love that they're teaming up here. And on top of that, I just want to mention, because a few people have been asking me lately, I am not going to be at Bogata. Unfortunately, I would have loved to have come, but I won't be making it out there. As I think I've said previously, my next conference will probably be in Denver in February. Hopefully I can get out to that one, but I won't be in Bogata. All right, last up here, I just wanted to give a shout out that Vitalik's Proof of Stake book is still available for order here. I mean, it's not pre-order anymore. It's actually out. Mine's on its way. Don't know when I'm getting it, but it's on its way. Hopefully I'll get it soon. And this book is probably quintessential or essential reading for every single Ethereum in the ecosystem. So go order yours if you haven't yet. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. But on that note, that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.