 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Review. Where are you kept the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem? I'm your host Dan Misesano and this is the 30th of October 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So we have an update here about the arrested tornado cache developer Alexey Pertsev here that I've spoken about in the past. Now I think Suzuha here did a really good job of explaining exactly what the update is. So they say update there are still no charges but they're continuing to hold him and are now apparently planning to auction all of his property while he sits without being charged with any crime. Very normal country. So that's the I guess like TLDR of the update here and it's really shitty. I mean he still hasn't been charged with any crime at all. And his wife is saying that Pertsev's property will be seized and auctioned such as I believe his car. I'm not sure about his house or anything like that but still again like the insanity as Suzuha said was that his stuff is going to get auctioned off and he's still sitting in jail given that they still haven't charged him and as I mentioned last time the Netherlands can hold someone up to for up to three months or 120 days I believe without charging them. But then obviously they have to charge them or else they have to let them go. Now I can't remember exactly when the 120 days is up but I mean I think he's already been in there for quite a while now but you know it's kind of like it's scary because they could wait till like the last second and then just charge him with something but what are they going to charge him with like is he actually involved with money laundering? Is he actually involved with enabling things for kind of like terrorism financing things like that? I mean I don't think so but we don't know for sure right? But at the same time it's still like even if like someone is involved in that stuff you'd think that they would charge them with this and you think that they wouldn't be able to hold someone in prison for that long without charging them. So that alone is pretty crazy right? But on top of that as well I would say that I think Alexey here is just in the wrong place at the wrong time because he is Russian right? And obviously the Western Europe does not have a very favorable view of Russia at the moment for obvious reasons and because Alexey was part of the tornado cache dev team and because tornado cache was used by North Korea to move money around and because North Korea is sanctioned and because Russia is sanctioned as well there's just kind of I guess all these things are being put together and it's not a great place for I guess Alexey to be just based on that at least politically right? We all know that a lot of these games are political games it's just not great. So that's the latest update on him. It sucks I'm not sure if he's going to get out without charge I'm not sure if they're going to hold him the whole time and charge him at the end. We're going to have to just wait and see what happens here but generally not great to see this and I really do think it's bizarre that the Netherlands is able to actually hold someone for this long without charging them. I believe in the US it's much shorter than that. I think you know most countries actually it's much shorter than that. The fact that it's three months is pretty insane to me. All right so obviously there's been a lot of talk about MEV lately and especially MEV Boost and different relays and censoring versus non-censoring relays and I've talked about it on the refill a bunch of times before. We have a new little kind of Sankey diagram from Tony here today that shows builders to relays. So the builder addresses on the Beacon Chain and then the relay that they're using. Obviously Flashbots has a pretty big dominance over the Beacon Chain. Sorry on the MEV Boost relay side right now. I think they account for over 80% still with a bunch of others like Blocks Route, Eden Block Native and Manifold also having some market share. But Flashbots is definitely by far the largest one and unfortunately the Flashbots relay does censor transactions and specifically the tornado cache addresses and I guess the OFAC sanctioned addresses that are associated with that. So I think the reason why there's been so much discussion is because of that fact. Because of the fact that people look at this and they're like okay well that means 20-25% of all Ethereum blocks are being, sorry contain censorship properties within them and that is right right. Like that at the inclusion level at least. And I've spoken about this before where there's two types of censorship. There's the inclusion level censorship and then there's the censorship when it comes to attesting to blocks and I explained it last week I'm not going to rehash it here. But it's been a big discussion since I've talked about it last week. It's continuing to be a big discussion. I think the funny thing is that some people are using it as a way to show that Ethereum's move to Proof of Stake just centralized it more and I don't think that's true at all. This was happening under Proof of Work and there were already mining pools dropping or at least censoring tornadoes cash transactions. So it doesn't matter if it's proof of stake or proof of work. This is, this in this context is strictly an MEV a related issue where these relays exist because of the fact that MEV exists and it's profitable to be part of these relays and to use them and to use MEV boost to you know on your validator to just get more APR out of it right. We all know that. So there's that. But in response to this there's been a bunch of I guess talk about how to prevent this and Vitalik came out with an ETH research post over the weekend titled how much can we constrain builders without bringing back heavy burdens to proposers which is the TLDR is that we want to make it so that builders are constrained in what transactions they can and cannot include in a block. And I guess there's been other solutions like this worked on in the past such as PBS and stuff like that. But I think the main idea here is that basically as Vitalik says here one natural response to the risks of builder centralization is to try to constrain the power that builders had. So instead of builders having full reign to construct the entire block if they win an auction builders would have a more limited amount of power. This power should still be enough to capture almost all MEV that could be captured and it should ideally still be enough to capture other benefits of PBS but it should be weakened to limit opportunities for abuse. This idea is sometimes called partial block auctions instead of auctioning off the right to decide everything in a block auction off the right to decide some things where those some things could be much more nuanced than for example the builder chooses the first half of the block and not the second. You could give the builder the right to reorder, prepend, append and you could even constrain the proposer. This post gets into some possible ways of doing this and some of the trade-offs of that result. So there are some ways of this such as inclusion lists which I believe is similar to CR list which has been proposed in the past, our proposer suffixes, fix the proposer suffixes with pre-commitments and stuff like that and there's a discussion in here that you should give a read to as well. I'll link it in the YouTube description but it just goes to show that there is a lot being done around this issue, around this issue of censorship and around MEV's role in it and the way we kind of give the responsibility or I guess the power to builders to include whatever transactions they want into a block or not want into a block. So these are the technical solutions but there are also a lot of social solutions. I covered the MEV watch website last week on the refuel that I would consider a social solution which is basically shining a light socially on the issue and saying, hey, you know Flashbots has a dominance here and they're you know promoting censorship on Ethereum, consider changing over to a different relay, you know here are your options. So that is one social way of doing it but there's also an outcry from the community generally. You know, I think there's been a bit of talk over the weekend about the fact that if a relay can't offer censorship resistance, like if it can only offer a censored relay, then it shouldn't even exist in the first place. And I think that especially when it comes to Flashbots, people have been saying that well okay they're a US-based company and the reason why they're censoring is because of that, well then they shouldn't run a relay at all. They're not even actually making money from their relay as far as I'm aware, they're running it as public goods so to speak. So if they're not making any money from it then why not just shut it down instead of encouraging censorship on Ethereum, right? Like there are there is other relays out there, they did open source the code so that people could build other relays. So if they really do care about the I guess public good of Ethereum, if they care about Ethereum as a network and keeping it censorship resistant, then they should shut down their relay, right? That's the argument, I'm not saying they should or shouldn't. I haven't made up my mind yet, I'm erring more on the side of I think it is their responsibility to shut down their relay if they can't offer censorship resistance because I think that's much more important than anything else. But as I said, I'm erring on that side. It's not like I have this strong stance just yet because there are obviously trade-offs to that. The trade-off being that we shouldn't just rely on altruistic actors yet because Flashbots is only one actor. What if another one comes along with a censored relay and that gets a lot of market share? Should we ask them to shut it down? And then what happens if they say no, right? Which they entirely can say no. It's in their power to do that. Well that's why we're working on the technical solutions as well because we want to make it very hard, if not impossible, for block builders to censor things. And if we do that, then we solve a lot of these issues. And we also want to eliminate as much MEV as possible. A lot of smart people think that we can eliminate it or eliminate most of it, but it will take some time. So in the meantime, we have to deal with these things. Just like we had to deal with client diversity, we have to deal with relay diversity as well. And just like we had to deal with social slashing and talking about that and having hard conversations about that, in terms of I guess like proposers building on top of the wrong chain and things like that, like not attesting to certain blocks, there's also a chatter about social slashing when it comes to inclusion. Now I actually don't think that we should slash validators because they're not including certain transactions into blocks, just because of the fact that we've given them that power as part of the protocol. So it's an in-protocol power that we've given them. And also if it's not degrading the user experience for most of the network, then I think that the damage done from a social slashing is not worth it. So for example, when would I be in favor of social slashing on the inclusion layout? Well, at the inclusion level? Well, it would probably have to be something like censoring Uniswap, for example. So censoring a popular app on Ethereum. Let's say the majority of the network decides to not include Uniswap transactions in their blocks at all, for whatever reason. Well, at that point I would consider, or at least I'd be in favor of a social slashing of those validators, because they are materially impacting the user experience and materially damaging the Ethereum network's credible neutrality, right? And censorship-resistant properties. But when it comes to a, I guess like something like tornado cache, which is used by a small subset of people, and the thing is, at the moment it's only 25% that is engaging in this. So even if it was 50%, you'd still be able to get your transactions in within 24 seconds instead of 12 seconds. I don't think the damage or the collateral damage that would be incurred from a social slashing is worth it in that context. So it's always a context thing. And that's why I think that it's a very nuanced discussion. It's not just a black or white, if we see any censorship at all, we need to slash these validators. No. And when it comes to not attesting to blocks, well, if it's just a minority, if it's only like a few validators, well, they're just going to kick themselves off the chain. They're going to fork themselves onto an alternative chain and they're going to lose rewards anyway. But when it becomes, I believe the threshold is 33% of the network, then it's a big issue. And then we need to be ready to socially slash them on the canonical chain so that they can't come back and start doing whatever they want on that chain. Because they've effectively forked themselves off when they start not attesting to certain blocks and building on top of a different chain. So that's a different scenario. That is a scenario that's actually materially impacting the chain for everyone, right? Whereas inclusion, censorship is a lot more nuanced, a lot more murky, and definitely requires both social and technical solutions to fight off. But thankfully those are both in the works and in the works in a big way and have been for a while. This isn't anything new. We've been talking about this stuff for a long time now. So it's not like we've suddenly been like, oh, wow, okay, we didn't foresee build decentralization in Ethereum. I mean, yeah, we did. We foresaw it years ago. And the issues with MEV were also foreseen years ago. So anyone telling you that we're only cluing into this now is completely wrong. You can literally find plenty of literature out there of both MEV and build decentralization, especially around MEV being talked about for a very, very long time, years. I mean, two, three, four, maybe even five years, I think. So obviously not anything new there, but that's a research post here from Vitalik that you can go take a look at if you want to learn more about what he's proposed here. All right, so Ashin here had a great thread around app chains over the weekend. So he said, app chain takes a hot again. Let's recap. App specific L1 is high issuance for low security, no automaticity, hard to be most decentralized. App specific L2 slash roll up, low issuance gets high security, cross roll up, atomicity through the L1, piggybacks L1 decentralization. And he continues this thread, I'll link in the YouTube description. It's only a short thread. But basically this is what I've been saying and what I said last week, where I think that an app specific L1, a sovereign L1 that is an app specific things, kind of what like Cosmos is trying to do. What you need to do for that is you need to have your own token, which you're issuing for security. So you're issuing it to pay validators to keep the network alive, right? To get the network going. And in order to do this, you need to dilute the holders of the token. Then essentially the cost is born on the holders and the buyers of that token, because they're the one paying for the issuance, right? And you're not going to get the security of Ethereum, nowhere near the security of Ethereum. You won't even approach like one, 1000th of the security of Ethereum. You'll basically get an extremely tiny portion from the validators that you're able to spin up, unless you can somehow get that token to be a very high value. But even then, it depends on what consensus mechanism you're using. It depends on the distribution. It depends on a number of different things, right? And as Ashin says, yeah, no atomicity. I'm not going to say this word, right. I keep screwing it up. But basically what he's saying is that you can't do, I guess, across L1 transactions in such a way where the user experience isn't degraded. And he gives an example in his thread, which I'll read in a sec. And then hard to be most decentralized. I mean, again, you're not going to ever be as decentralized as Ethereum. It's going to be pretty much impossible for you to get to that point or even close to that point. Then we can look at our specific L2s slash roll-ups. Well, low issuance gets high security. And even in this kind of frame here, you don't even need any issuance. All you need to do is pay the L1 security fees or the L1 gas fees, I should say, to secure yourself with Ethereum, right? Obviously, there are other things like sequencer decentralization and being able to be economically sustainable, but the costs are vastly lower than they are for an app-specific L1. You do get that cross roll-up transactions through the L1 and you do piggyback off L1 decentralization. So the example that Ashin gave here was that Uniswap could run their own, sorry, he said in his thread, blockchains are great because you can outsource your application state to something more reliable than yourself. And you can offload the cost of these resources to the consumer transparently, rather than paying an AWS bill that will explode if your website goes viral. So Uniswap could run their own sequencer that batches, trades and redistributes the MEV, building, decentralizing and maintaining UniChain, on the other hand, is way more work and risk for less return. In conclusion, app roll-ups tick, app chains X. So I'm sure you've probably heard discussion around something like a UniChain, like if Uniswap was to spin up their own blockchain, would it be their own L1 or would it be a roll-up? And the benefits for doing that. The big benefit is redistributing or capturing the MEV that the Ethereum layer one captures right now, instead of L1 capturing it, it would be, I guess, UniChain capturing it, but they would still be better off doing their own roll-up rather than their own L1 for a number of different reasons. Like I think that there probably will be a UniChain, right? That makes a lot of sense, but it doesn't make any sense to me for it to be its own sovereign L1, especially around their security concerns and especially around if the goal is to, I guess, increase the value of Uniswap and then by extension increase the value of Uni, well then you're not going to do that if you're diluting the value of Uni by having to pay it out to people to validate and secure the network. So if you do it as a roll-up, your costs are considerably lower and then more of the value flows to token rods, at least if that is the goal, right? So I thought this was just a really great thread here which Polyneur actually expanded on in their first blog post about roll-ups in a while here since May, which you can give a read, I'll link it in the YouTube description below, but it basically expands on what Arshin said in his tweet thread, which I think was a great read. It's not too long, you can go give it a read, but it gives a number of examples around this, a number of I guess like pros and I guess list the cons as well and more details on everything that I was just talking about. So I highly recommend giving that a read as well. But the last thing I wanted to say about this as well is that I spoke about last week about Stacker Network and how they build them a roll-up SDK so you can easily spin up your own roll-up and then I said that Cosmos has had this for a while for their app chains where they had this Cosmos SDK that people like using because it's very easy to use. So there is obviously demand to spin up your own chain here as an app, but I think that the problem it has become is that people may look at roll-ups and be like, okay, well, how can I become my own roll-up, right? How can I have my own app chain as a roll-up? And they look at the existing solutions of which there really isn't any, right? There is here and there. I mean, Polygon has their own SDK, but it's more like a white label service and it's early days with that as well. And obviously Stacker Network's early days too. But once we have these things spun up and they're actually able to be used by the masses, so to speak, or by the masses of developers, so to speak, I think we're going to see more of this stuff happening. And I do truly believe that the roll-up model is just vastly superior to the app chain L1 model. It makes so much sense economically, socially, security-wise, like technically. I mean, socially is a big one too, because if you are roll-up on Ethereum, you inherit all the Ethereum's community and network effect. But if you're your own L1, well, you don't really inherit that. You're part of a different ecosystem. So I think that obviously, some people will argue and say, well, that's not that big of a deal because we don't have that many users, blah, blah, blah. Maybe it's not a huge deal for users, but I think it's a huge deal for developers. Inheriting the Ethereum developer community is very, very powerful, not just on the solidity side of things, but just the Ethereum developer community in general is huge. And I think that that's a huge advantage that roll-ups get over these alternative L1s as well. So yeah, go give this thread a read from Ashin and this blog post from Polina. I'll link them both in the YouTube description below. All right, so speaking of blog posts, you should go give a read. NoSwap here from Optimism has published a blog post called Bedrock vs Nitro. So basically doing a technical deep dive on Optimism, Bedrock and Arbitrum Nitro, which you can find linked in the YouTube description, of course. And as I said, this is technical. It's not that technical. It's higher level technical, but still, like you probably will. Don't feel bad if you don't understand everything in here. But I thought it was a really great breakdown of the differences between the two, obviously coming from someone who works at Optimism. So I think he tried to be as unbiased as possible in this blog post. And from my first rate of it, it came across that way. So kudos to NoSwap for this. But definitely go check it out. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. And I think you're going to be seeing more of this. It's kind of clear that Optimism and Arbitrum are the leading EVM compatible roll-ups right now. It remains to be seen if the ZKVMs can catch up to their leads so far. I think that they can. But as I've said before, both Optimism and Arbitrum can easily become ZKVMs in the future. And they already have the community. They already have the ecosystem. So they definitely have a head start here. But we'll have to see. We'll have to see how it shakes out. There's plenty of ZKVMs going live relatively soon, which I think are definitely going to make the game a lot more interesting. And speaking of growth of Optimism, you can see here that Michael from the Optimism team here shared that the transactions per month on the Optimism network is actually at an all-time high again. So 5.1 million transactions happened on the Optimism network during September, which is pretty cool considering that I believe September to be, I guess, the depths of the bear market. So it's cool to see that Optimism is still growing in the bear market. But it's funny when you see this because 5.1 million transactions for the month, Ethereum does 1 to 1.2 million transactions a day, Ethereum layer one, which is crazy because that would mean that Ethereum does, what, 40 million-plus transactions per month at the higher gas fees than these layer two. So you can see that Ethereum layer one's network effect is still so huge. Its usage is so huge. And it's basically capped in the amount of transactions it can do because the gas fees are always going up because the gas usage is at 100 percent. Whereas Optimism, Albutrum, a lot of these layer two still have plenty of capacity out there for people to use and people to take advantage of. And you're going to see that continually steadily go up as more and more of these apps get deployed to these networks, as newer apps come online, and as, I guess, the market heats up again. That's a big thing, the market heating up again, especially as the ecosystem exists today. But it's not a strict prerequisite. I think you can see here that these things can still grow in a bear market. They can actually onboard the existing users into their networks and leverage that until more and more new users come in. I mean, right now, obviously, we don't really expect many new users to be coming in. We are truly in the depths of the bear market. It's actually hilarious when I go on Twitter now, like, it's so bare. I mean, there's the same people every day. I'm not seeing anyone new on there, which is fine. I actually enjoy these periods. But you can kind of feel that, compared to even six months ago, it's just totally, totally different, which is kind of funny when you think about it. Because even if you go back to last year, everyone was like, it's a super cycle, we're going to this, this, and this. We're going to do this, this, and this. We have mass adoption, blah, blah. And I, at times, I think, I don't know if fell for it is the correct terminology, but I at times believed that because the bull market lasted for what felt like forever. But then obviously, it all came crashing down. Everyone got humbled. And the people that are around now are the ones who actually care about the technology. The builders are still building. Things are still getting funded, which is actually pretty crazy. And it's a main difference to 2019, which I've mentioned before. This is what the current period feels like. And I love the fact that we have layer twos live and improving all the time. Because the next time the bull market rolls around, yes, Ethereum L1 fees are going to be high, but people will just be using the L2s. You know, we're still going to get people complaining about L1 gas fees. That's always going to be a thing, but we're going to be able to say, Hey, you can do everything you do on L1 on these L2s. Go, you know, here's how to bridge to them. You can use one of these centralized exchanges, or you can directly onboard and, and, you know, go do all this sorts of stuff, especially if by the next bull market, we have proto dank sharding live. It'll just be so dirt cheap to use these things that it'll be, I'll be very surprised if we still see a lot of people complaining about gas fees as much as they did last year. Right. But I mean, they probably will. There's always a new crop of people that come in, don't understand how things work. It's just a cycle of crypto right into the day. But one last thing I wanted to talk about when it came to scalability here was this great tweet thread from James Ho who said, EVM block space increasingly abundant with L2 scaling. Optimism and Arbitrum each flipping Avalanche in daily transactions, September 22 transactions, 5.7 million for Arbitrum, 5.2 million for Optimism and 4.8 million for Avalanche, C-Chain, slowly but steadily. So when it comes to these EVM compatible chains or equivalent chains, layer twos are always strictly better. Avalanche cannot compete. Avalanche C-Chain, I should say, cannot compete with Optimism and Arbitrum on user experience. It cannot compete with Optimism and Arbitrum on security, right? Because obviously, I mean, not right now, I guess, Optimism and Arbitrum don't have fraud proofs implemented yet. They're not, I mean, they're still very centralized, but I'm talking in the end state of things. Avalanche in its end state is the same as it kind of like is today where they've got their own consensus mechanism. They've got their own security. They've got their own validators, all that sorts of stuff, right? Whereas Optimism and Arbitrum, we know what it looks like when they do have fraud proofs, they get rid of the centralized controls and everything. They fully inherit Ethereum security and they have the better UI, sorry, the better user experience, the cheaper fees because of that. They're just the better choice. And especially because they inherit the Ethereum network effect, which I don't really think Avalanche does beyond maybe the fact that because it's EVM, it's easier for the developers to get involved with it, right? It's easier for users to bridge across. But if the choice is between the Avalanche, C Chain and Optimism or Arbitrum, I think most people are going to pick Optimism or Arbitrum at the end of the day, at least from my perspective. I'm biased, of course, whatever, but that's my kind of perspective. And the proof really is in the pudding here. Arbitrum has zero token incentives. Optimism has rather light token incentives. Avalanche had a shit ton of token incentives, but maybe not so much anymore, but they had a lot, right, for quite a while. And that's what led, especially during the bull market, that's what led to a massive spike in users there. But the token incentives run out. They've got worse user experience than Optimism and Arbitrum do. They don't have the Ethereum community. The Avalanche community is non-existent now. Do you see anyone talking about Avalanche anymore? I don't. And that's because they were all just bull market people. Like they don't hear anymore. So taking all that together, you can see why Optimism and Arbitrum are just clearly in the lead now, and will definitely remain in the lead, I believe. And not just them, the other layer twos as well. This is literally just two of the layer twos out of the 20, 30 that we have these days, right? And there are plenty more that we're going to have. Monolithic chains like Avalanche just cannot compete with that, right? Especially when they're the same thing in terms of user, in terms of kind of like being EVM, but they're not the same thing in terms of user experience. Like, as I said, the layer twos are always going to be strictly better there. And I think sometimes they're actually cheaper than the C chain. And pros pro dang shiny, they definitely will be while inheriting Ethereum security. So putting all that together, yeah, you can kind of like see what I mean here, but there's also James also continues this in his thread, giving a bunch more stats here, which I thought was very interesting. You can go give this thread a read. I'll link it in the YouTube description below there. But yeah, I mean, just a final note on that bull market people versus bear market people. I'm sure a lot of you have noticed this by now, especially if you're a first cycler, you've noticed that there's a lot of people that were around in the bull market that just do not exist anymore. Like they just completely gone. And it may, you know, the communities that seemed very vibrant, very lively, very, I guess, like healthy in the bull market, I essentially non-existent now because they were not actual communities. They were just people who came opportunistically because they wanted to make some money. They were first cyclers, they had no understanding of the tech. And to them, Ethereum was a broken, expensive mess and avalanche and all these other L ones were this cheap thing that solved all the issues. And they could speculate on the token instead of buying eighth. And maybe some of them believed because these tokens were cheaper. They didn't really understand market cap. It was going to lead them to get, make more gains and all this sorts of stuff. So you can see that now, right? I've seen this time and time again. This is, I mean, I think I said this on the refill at one point where I said that these other networks that were popular last year, I just, the Neos, the Q terms, the Trons of 2021 of the, of the, you know, the current cycle. And there'll be new ones next cycle. I mean, we already know this new ones next cycle, Aptos, Sui, Sei. I mean, they're already the new cop of layer ones that are getting bought up by VCs and they're getting ready to turbo shield them next bull market. So, yeah, I mean, I just think it's funny looking back on it, how things just, I mean, history doesn't repeat, but it rhymes. I think it's very apt here. But yeah, I'm going to leave it at that for today on that note. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel. If you haven't yet, give me a thumbs up, subscribe to newsletter, join the disco channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.