 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligway Review, where I cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sosano, and today is the 16th of May 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So over the weekend, I was thinking about, I guess, my journey within crypto and kind of like when I started to where I am today, basically, and in context of the markets, not so much kind of like the fundamental side of things, but kind of like, I guess, the markets, the investing side of things and all that stuff there. And I kind of put out this tweet today where I said, it actually took me three quote unquote crypto cycles to make it. In 2013, you know, I was around, I bought Bitcoin, but I wrecked myself trading. I remember trading like Doge and Quark coin and things like that. And I just lost so much BTC. And back then, BTC, obviously during that bull run peaked at about 1100, I believe it was. But when I was doing all this trading, I think it was like a few hundred bucks or something. So it wasn't like a lot. I didn't have much Bitcoin back then. And that's why I was trying to trade, right? Because I was trying to like make more and make it, so to speak. But then the market crash, you know, MT Gox collapsed and I sold in 2014 because I actually thought Bitcoin was dead. I was one of those people who thought Bitcoin was dead. Crypto was dead. You know, there was no Ethereum or anything like that. There was Bitcoin and all of its forks. And it was just like such a boring ecosystem if the price wasn't going up, to be honest. Right. Especially for someone like me who isn't into a lot of the stuff that Bitcoin is are into, like libertarianism and stuff like that. Like that's just not my jam. It's not my vibe. So then, yeah, I came back in 2017, you know, bought ETH back then, wrote it up. I didn't still didn't sell anything. Right. I stayed for the bear market though, and I bought more ETH. And then in 2021, sorry, 2020, 2021, my investments finally paid off. And I ended this tweet by saying crypto investing is a marathon and not a sprint. Now, I figured it'd be topical to talk about this today because I know the market is turbulent. I know a lot of you guys listening are kind of like first cyclers, like maybe you entered in 2020, 2021 and kind of like you've just experienced your first kind of like crypto cycle. Maybe you have made little money or maybe you made a lot of money. But like, it's not very common for first cyclers to make enough to kind of, I guess, like be financially independent or make enough to kind of like quit their day job or anything like that. Right. It usually happens on the second or third cycles. Now for me, it did take three cycles, like because of the fact that again, I didn't have much money in 2017 to invest. That's always the hardest thing is like, you like, if you're working a regular job, you don't necessarily have that much money to invest, especially if you have other responsibilities. Like maybe if you're younger and you've been saving up for a while, you can, you can de-gen some funds in there. But if you're kind of like a little bit older, you have debts, maybe you have a mortgage, maybe you have like lots of bills to pay, you have a car payments and stuff like that, then you don't really necessarily have too much disposable income. So there's like a massive difference between being able to put like a few thousand dollars into something rather than a few tens of thousands of dollars. Right. Because it just becomes any kind of like an exponential thing from there. So if you get a hundred X on, you know, maybe $2,000, that's 200 K, but if you get a hundred X on $10,000, it's a million dollars. Right. So, you know, it's kind of like five times more than you otherwise would have gotten, which is a massive difference. Like the difference between 200 K and a million dollars is you get a million dollars is huge. Not just on a number basis, but on a kind of what you can buy basis, because with a million dollars, you can buy yourself a house, right? You can just pay it all off with 200 K you're not buying yourself a house. So, and, and it's always kind of like hard because maybe by the time you save up enough money, the market's gotten away from you. And that's what happened to me in 2017. I didn't have much money. Like I was, I was 24 or something in 2017 or 2025 or something. I was working odd jobs here and there in my early twenties, still at uni stuff like that. And I had finally landed a good paying job a few months before I started buying eighth, but I, I kind of like got the money and I, I, because that was my first time getting, getting a lot of money. I, I spent all of it to be honest. Right. I just kind of didn't really have much of a, I guess like a savings plan in place or anything like that. I was still living with my parents, so I didn't really have any, any debts or anything. So, you know, when I discovered Ethereum, I didn't have much money to throw at eighth. And I also didn't want to throw my entire savings at it. Right. Like that would just be irresponsible. So I didn't, and then I had to kind of like save out more money and keep going. And then the price got away from me and I actually originally did FOMO in, like I bought my first eight. It was very little, it wasn't that much eight that kind of like $10. I wish I could have bought more. I mean, I, I could have bought more. I had the money to buy more, but I didn't because like, it was my first time buying it. I'm not, as I said, I'm not going to throw too much money at it. Right. I had no idea at that point, like where it was going to go, what was happening with it. I just had some kind of like hot, very, very high level knowledge of what Ethereum was at that point before I bought. And then it went to $50 really, really quickly. And I'm like, holy shit, it just went up five X I need to buy. So I, I kind of like, uh, tried to buy as much as I could then. And then it just kept going up, right. It got, it got away from me so quickly. And then I stopped, I stopped, it got to like 200 bucks and I'm like, no, I'm not going to buy here. Like there's, there's no point. Right. And the thing is, is that it depends, right. There, there was a point buying if I had sold when it was like, you know, a thousand dollars, something like that, it would have made money, but I didn't plan to do that. I'd always planned to be like a long-term investor. So I saved money, save money, and kind of like bought as much as I could, but then started buying it about kind of like 200 bucks in 2017. Then obviously it went to its all time high of 1400. And I kind of like came down off of that, but yeah, I sold nothing during this, that whole kind of like cycle. I actually, I think I've mentioned this on the refill before I've sold, I sold no crypto until 2020 DeFi summer. That's when I started actually saying something. So, you know, if you count 2013 is my first foray, that was seven years. I didn't kind of like, I didn't make anything. Cause when I sold my BTC in 2014, I was at a loss because I traded away a lot of it. And I sold it once it had come down a bit and it was, I think it was about the price that I bought it out, but I was at net loss because of the, the, the trading that I was doing. So in terms of like actually making money and being profitable from crypto investing, it took me seven years. Now I'm not going to say necessarily, that's going to take you guys seven years to do that. You know, I expect a lot of you have probably already made a bit of money from this or cash out, like, especially depending on what you got in and things like that. Right. And there's also a lot of things to invest in these days. There wasn't that many back then, but there's a lot more that you can invest in and that are investable right from a kind of like fundamentals perspective. But I think the most important thing to remember is that as I said, crypto investing is a marathon, not a sprint, all investing is a marathon, not a spring. You're not guaranteed to make money, let alone life-changing money. I think that's what a lot of people fall into. They fall into this trap that they think they're like guaranteed to make money just because they kind of stick around. Right. And that's like so far from the truth for, for a number of different reasons. I mean, the most obvious reasons to me is that you could be holding onto the wrong assets. Like just because you're holding onto something doesn't mean it's going to go up. Like there are plenty of assets from 2017 that never recovered after that bull run. And if you had been holding them this entire time, you would never have kind of like made much money from them. So that's, that's a major thing there, but also just on a pure kind of like percentage basis, most people aren't going to make life-changing money from crypto investing, no matter what, like, I don't know exactly what percentage I could put on this, but just anecdotally, I would say that it's, it's most people in crypto would not make life-changing money. And when I say life-changing money, I mean kind of like financial independence, quit your job sort of thing, work for yourself. That's just not going to happen for the vast majority of people for, for so many different reasons. I mean, investing to me is one of the hardest things you can do in the, in the world and bull markets make it seem like it's easy. No, it's, it's extremely, extremely hard as I've said to you guys before. So but I do want to kind of like say that I think you're more likely to, to make it, you're more likely to make better investing decisions if you're kind of like totally engrossed within the ecosystem. Cause I know some people who think that they can just throw some money at BTC or ETH, right. Not pay any attention to anything and just ride it up to riches at this point in time, guys, like, as I've mentioned plenty of times before BTC and ETH are not giving you a 100 X, right? Like for ETH to go to 100 X, it needs to go at current prices to 200 K, right? Like, yes, I've said before that I think my long term, like long-term five, 10 year kind of like target is like a hundred K or, and kind of like, you know, that it's not guaranteed to happen either, but that's kind of like a thesis that I have depending on all of these things playing out, like it's not guaranteed. It depends on Ethereum kind of like obviously being very, very successful. But yeah, the a hundred X isn't coming from that. So unless you've got like, and even in the kind of like medium term, like if ETH was to go to like 30 K or something or 20 K from here, that's a 10 X for you to make it from ETH in that case, you would have to invest hundreds of thousands of dollars in, into ETH and BTC. So that's another kind of thing, the law of kind of diminishing returns there. For me, I just got kind of like lucky with my timing that I was able to buy ETH at a much lower market cap, right? As you guys know, I bought most of my ETH between one and $200. That was just my kind of like ticket to where I am today, even though I haven't sold any, it allowed me to kind of like, you know, leverage my holdings to kind of like do other things with it. But I think the point I'm trying to make here is that if you actually want that 100 X, you have to look beyond BTC and ETH and beyond BTC and ETH becomes very, very, very hard to invest in anything. As I'm sure you guys have seen by now, just how difficult it is. You can ride things up, but are you going to sell at the right time? Because they come down very, very quickly, right? And you don't even notice, like you just end up holding something without even realizing it. So I think that's just kind of like the bit of wisdom that I wanted to kind of like impart on you guys. And I want it to kind of like, kind of like say that I think that what I was just saying before, that if you're kind of like paying attention to the ecosystem, getting more involved in it, getting involved, not just from like an investment perspective, but also from like a personal perspective where you're getting a job, maybe you join an early stage startup, you get equity, you get tokens sort of thing. And that's kind of like becomes your ticket sort of thing. Or maybe you just don't care about being financially independent and you'll find working for a team or whatever, because you're happy doing that, right? Like there's nothing wrong with that at all. I think that's another thing people get into their heads is that, oh, you know, I'm not going to make it. I'm not going to be able to be financially independent. You know, that kind of like means I'm not going to make it. No, making it means something different to everyone. Like there's making it financially. And then there's kind of like making it from a personal perspective and a fulfillment and happiness perspective. Like for me personally, I mean, the money that I have would mean absolutely nothing if I wasn't doing what I love and what I love doing is what I'm doing, obviously with the deadly way and everything I do in the Ethereum ecosystem. But if I was just kind of like sitting around with all this money and I was like, okay, well I can do this, this, and this. And, but, but like this, this, and this is like, you know, go on holidays or kind of like do whatever I want because I don't have to, I don't have to work or something like that. I would be bored instantly. I would feel so shit because there would be getting no fulfillment or happiness from that. No long-term fulfillment and happiness from that. And it just wouldn't result in a good outcome for me personally. So I think there's plenty of people like that who, I mean, they're happy, just kind of like working and just being financially secure. I'm not so necessarily financially independent. As long as they're loving what they're doing. And I think that should be a goal for everyone. It's not like, I think the goal shouldn't be to kind of like make enough money to be financially independent or to buy a Lambo or anything like that. Maybe you're into that. I don't know. But I feel like a lot of you guys aren't into that, but I think the goal should be in terms of like, if you're looking for long-term fulfillment and happiness, the goal should be just to find what you love and just like put all your energy into it. Right. Because at the end of the day, like money is so fleeting guys, like I take it from me, money does not buy happiness. Like it buys you nice things. It, but it buys you time, but it's not going to directly buy you happiness. It's not going to buy you that long-term for fulfillment. And that's why you see a lot of people who you think, you know, may be very happy, a lot of rich people that they end up depressed or they end up sad. So I just want to kind of want it to kind of like talk to that. I know I spent the first 10 minutes doing that, but I feel like, you know, at times like these, when the market's a bit shaky, these kinds of like things are probably important to kind of bring up and kind of like reflect on my journey because as I've said, guys, like I've been through everything in that this kind of like, I guess this kind of like ecosystem has to throw in terms of like the market. I, at this point, I think maybe there's other things coming down the line that, that will kind of like shock me. But the funny thing is like the things that I consider crazy these days are like the really rare occasions, like the terror explosion and stuff like that. That's, that's kind of like what, what impresses me these days, right? Everything else is kind of like, yeah, okay. Been there, done that blah, blah, blah, whatever sort of thing. So anyway, I'm going to stop there because there's a bunch of other things to get through, as you can see from my tabs here, just wanted to kind of like bring that up for you guys there. All right. So I shared this over the weekend. I finished listening to this podcast on Bankless with Hal Press from Northrock Digital, which is a, which is a kind of like, eighth only fund here. Guys, like I'm not being kind of like, I'm not exaggerating here. I, I caption this tweet by saying I didn't think there was anyone left who could make me even more bullish on eighth, but I finally found someone. I am being serious here. Like it is incredibly rare for me to find someone who can make me more bullish on eighth. The last person was Polina before that. I don't even remember. Maybe Justin Drake went with the ultrasound money stuff. But it's very, very rare because I'm so bullish on eighth already. I'm already engrossed in it. I know the bull case back to front. I, you know, I know everything there is to know, or so I thought what Hal does in this podcast is he brings together all of the existing stuff, that's I've already spoken about. The Bankless has already spoken about that. So many people have given the bull case for, for Ethereum and he puts it in a completely different light. I got goosebumps at least two times during the podcast, like actual goosebumps. As I was listening to it, I was like, holy shit. Cause I had never thought about kind of like, specifically with the merge, like what Hal had thought about it, even though I had discussed it in a similar way, I just hadn't thought about it in the way that he had thought about it. And he has such a great view on just crypto investing and kind of like the macro scale in crypto in general. I cannot recommend this enough. If you haven't listened to it yet, you need to listen to it, like stop this right now, stop the refill right now and go listen to it if you have to, but, but listen to it after it. If you want as well. I was just absolutely blown away. And I'm actually, I actually have a call with how I'm going to be talking to him. I'm looking forward to that chat because like, honestly guys, it's, it's, as I said, it's, super rare for me to find someone that makes me more bullish on Ethan. When I do, I want to be able to kind of like share that with you guys, make sure that you're on top of this and make sure that you see what I see and all the replies to this tweet were basically saying people being like, holy shit, that was an awesome episode. You're right. You know, and this guy here said, I literally sent that video to my friend and told him this guy's even more bullish than Susana. And look, to be honest, he met, he might even be bullish, more bullish than me. I didn't, I get it. I didn't think that was possible, but you know, here we are, right. And I'm just sorry. So that's another thing to kind of like, especially given that the market's down right now, this might give you a kind of like some more things to think about when it comes to a theorem is longer term. Kind of like, oh, sorry. The eighth, eighth, longer term bull case, but specifically around the marriage. So anyway, go give this a listen. Highly recommended. All right. Speaking of bullish things, the Ethereum Robson test net is going to be doing the merge on June 8th or approximately June 8th. We obviously don't know the exact date because of the way the merge kind of like happens with TTD and stuff like that, but it's around June 8th. Now, as I've said to you guys before, this is the final step before main net. There are three test nets, I believe going to be running through the merge transition. And I think they're going to be two to three weeks apart. So if all runs smoothly, if there are no major bugs, if there are no kind of like things that hold back, kind of like the timeline here, this is how I'm envisioning it. Please don't quote me on this, but this is how I'm envisioning it. So I'm going to go through this, but this is how I'm envisioning it. June 8th, we have Robson two to three weeks later, we have another public test net run through the merge two to three weeks after that we have another one. And then a month after that, we have the main net merge. Now, in terms of timelines, this puts us at mid August for main net merge. So as I was saying to you guys before, like August was kind of like what I was thinking. It seems like it's going to be August based on everything else that I'm seeing. And on top of that, I think that in terms of percentages, 0% chance for July, I would say 90% chance for August and 10% chance for September. The reason why I put that 10% for September is because if there is an issue with any of these public test nets, if there's a bug or anything, that's going to add a bit of time onto, you know, uh, onto kind of like getting it out. If it happens on the second public test net, that's going to probably add maybe a couple more weeks onto getting the third one kind of run through the merge, right. And all that sorts of stuff there. So it could still happen in September, but my money at this point in time is on August. I see no reason to kind of like think that it's not going to happen in August, especially because of the fact that, uh, we already got like the first public one going live on June 8th, first public test net going live on June 8th. Uh, but yeah, as I said, if there are any issues with the public test nets, uh, going through the merge, then it will add time onto it. And we may have to push into September, which might mean we have to even do a separate fork, which could, uh, to, to delay the difficulty bomb, which, you know, would definitely push it into September. So that's kind of like my thing here on the merge right now. But as I said, guys, please don't quote me on this. There is no timeline given this is my own personal timeline based on me listening to core dev calls, reading through notes, reading through, you know, all the kind of like literature being published on this sorts of stuff and just kind of like a bit of a gut feel as well. So let's kind of like keep it like that for now, but very much looking forward to seeing Rob's then run through the merge on June 8th. Uh, and speaking of, uh, the merge, there's also going to be another main net shadow fork happening. This one's number five on May 19th. So all the links are here for you to kind of like, go check out this tweet will be linked in the YouTube description below for you to check out there. Uh, Tim Biko put together another thread on the all core devs meeting that happened last week. So this is a recap here. I think the biggest thing that come out of the meeting was definitely that Robson announcement, but you definitely give the thread a rate if you want to learn more about everything going on with a core devs here. And just quickly, another thing that Tim Biko, uh, kind of like put out today and on the tweet he put out today was he says a question I've been getting asked a lot lately is why the validator size on a theory is 32 eighth rather than say 16 or eight. But I like has a great explainer here and also covers many other parts of a theorem proof of stake, which you can kind of like check out all the new chip description. And then he explains like I'm five below in the next tweet where he says. Vitalik highlighted P2P networking as one of the areas where R and D contributors could be most impactful for a theorem improvements. They're directly translate to better resilience at the network level or potentially lower minimum stakes. Okay. It's explained like I'm five is in this tweet here. Sorry. So I think I brought this up, um, uh, maybe on, on the refill when this happened, cause this tweet was put out on April 29th, but they explained like I'm five version of why 32 ether is required and you, and you haven't got lower eighth requirements is that it's based on the validate account. So the more valid is there are the more messages on the P2P network, the more bandwidth used by nodes, higher node requirements, which would lead to less nodes, more centralized network. So there's a trade-off between the cost to be a validator and the hardware requirements to follow the chain. It's also a stability thing. So that's why it was chosen. It wasn't chosen based on some arbitrary eighth number. It was chosen based on what Tim says here with the validators and overheads and things like that as well. So I'll link this in the YouTube description. You can go check it out. All right. So speaking of staking on a theorem, uh, Leo, jolistic, man, I'm kind of totally butchering that, but I think his name's Leo here. Um, kind of put out a tweet thread, uh, where he starts it off by saying, you may have heard that a theorem is people mistake protocol is facing a centralization problem in this thread. I'll explain why this is happening, the solutions, the communities pursuing and how you can help. I'm not going to go through the thread. I'll link it for you to check out highly recommended read. It's actually a really great overview of the, of kind of like what's going on right now. Um, I did want to kind of like give my own two cents here on centralization of steak. I think people like overestimate how much, or I guess like overemphasize how much of an issue this is. It is an issue, but I think that what makes a theorem strong or what makes a theory improve of steak strong is that it has many defenses against centralization within the steak, like both in protocol and extra protocol and by extra protocol, I mean at the social layer. So just to quickly run through this year, if anyone attacks the network without the majority share of the network, uh, they will get slashed. And if they do it with the majority share, but it's slashed in protocol. And if they do it with a majority share, they would get slash extra protocol. The social layer would slash them because the community would come together because Ethereum has a very strong social layer and say, Hey, this isn't, you know, this goes against the rules. This is a slushable offense, slash them, get rid of them, kick them out, continue on. Right. So I, I don't think it's a huge issue. I do think that it becomes a big, a big issue. Uh, when you kind of like consider things like censorship, because if you control over 33% of the steak, you can, uh, do censorship on the network. And that's obviously a big issue, but I just feel like, and it's very hard to slash for censorship. It has to be done extra protocol. It's very subjective. It's not something that, uh, is very clean, like what the protocol slashing is. Um, but other than that, uh, I think that just generally it's not as big as an issue as people kind of like, uh, I think it is. And I also think it's a very hard kind of like problem, not a very hard problem. It's very hard thing to kind of like have an accurate read on right now, because staking is only one way. So I want to wait for with the withdrawals to be enabled on the beacon chain to see what the actual stake distribution looks like. We're when there's a two way thing where you can actually exit steak, you know, ran through something else and, and, and kind of like go on from there. Cause right now it's one way, you know, there's no way to exit. Like even if you sell your, you know, if you've got a liquid staking token, like st eighth and you sell it, um, cause you're done staking service, so to speak, the eighth is still in the beacon chain. The eighth is still staking because there's no way to exit that eighth yet. So that's what I've kind of like, uh, uh, based my thesis on as well. Like I, I, I, I, I told you guys about my thesis called the great reshuffling where I think that once withdrawals are enabled, we're going to see a pretty big movering around of steak and it's going to go to different places and kind of like maybe some more goes to solar staking, maybe, you know, kind of like shuffles into pools and stuff like that. But that's kind of like how I'm viewing things as well there. So anyway, I just wanted to hide this thread from Leo. It'll be in the YouTube description below. So Ryan, we're from Polygon studios today announced that they are working closely with a variety of Terra projects to help them migrate over swiftly to polygon. We will be putting capital and resources against these migrations to welcome the developers and their respective communities to our platform. We'll be sharing more soon. This is really cool. I was actually thinking about this just before what happened to Terra. Like is, is pretty intense, right? A blockchain actually pretty much died. Um, which is something that has never happened before. I think blockchain is usually just fade into a rebel or relevance or turn into kind of like zombie chains. They don't actually die, but, but like Terra's dead, right? There's nothing salvageable, uh, in terms of kind of like the, the old Terra, like they would have to fork to a new one, you know, maybe, uh, kind of like, or fork back to the old state and kind of like start again, restart the chain, so to speak. Cause it's current state is, is just, it's, it's screwed. Right. And if you do an analogy here and you think about this, this would be like an entire country, just disappearing, right. And all of its citizens and its businesses and it's kind of like economic activity just gone. Right. Um, and like in no man's land, like the developers and the citizens are still there, but all their businesses are gone. All the infrastructure is gone. All the economic activity is gone. And now they're looking for somewhere to go. And look, it's not even just about like a country being kind of like removed from existence. Like we already have real world examples of war torn countries where things just go to shit and people are like, well, I have to leave the country now. And like they go and be, you know, become refugees on other platforms, in other countries. It's the same thing here. There's a lot of terror developers and community members who are now basically refugees of that community and are looking for another community to join, or maybe they join multiple communities. So I think it's good that Polygon and other kind of like ecosystems within crypto are doing an initiative where they're reaching out and being like, Hey guys, like you, you know, your project can migrate here. We'll support you, we'll help you along the way. And, um, and kind of like, uh, then you can kind of like start to rebuild. And I think this goes back to a lot of stuff that I've spoken about in the past about how liveness of a blockchain and kind of like security decentralization are absolutely critical for long term sustainability, because the worst thing for a developer is building on a platform that just kind of like fades into a relevancy or just kind of like disappears because then they have to kind of migrate and migration isn't an easy thing, depending on, on kind of like what, uh, what, what the product is. So I think from that point of view, I think this has showed a lot of things that, Hey, you need to be building on solid foundations, like building on shaky foundations can really screw you up and really ruin your project. Cause all the Terra project tokens are just completely wrecked right at this stage. Um, and, and kind of like the product is always not able to be used because the chain is basically dead. And, and yeah, like just thinking through it all is pretty crazy when you, when you keep thinking about it, like I've had time to process that whole terror incident now and it's, the shock is gone, but the craziness, like when I keep running through the motions in my head is still there. So just something that I wanted to share with you guys, but I'm good on polygon for kind of inviting the, um, the Terra ecosystem or what's left of the Terra ecosystem to come build with their technology. All right. So, uh, this hits home here. So Australia's first BTC and ETFs have launched, uh, in, uh, by Sebo, Sebo, CBOE, Australia and ETF securities. Now, obviously this isn't like a huge deal worldwide because Australia is not the U S um, and Australia is kind of a very, very small compared to somewhere like the U S so an ETF being launched, isn't that big of a deal for most people. But I think it's a quite a big deal because Australians actually have like a pretty big representation within crypto. Like there are a lot of Australians that own crypto. I was reading an article before that the ATO, which is the Australian tax office has flagged, I think 800,000 people, um, that have kind of like, uh, used crypto exchanges or, or kind of like interacted with crypto. Now I think that would be like just an estimate. So it's probably higher than that. Uh, for context Australia's population is about 25 million. You can remove pretty much like, um, you know, everyone under 18 from that. And then, you know, and maybe everyone over a certain, like most people over a certain age, like 50 or 60 or something like that, because obviously most people investing in crypto are, are kind of like, um, maybe between like 18 and I guess like 40 or 50 sort of thing. And if you kind of like take that into account, that's a lot of people from that pool, you know, from the pool of kind of like people who are going to invest in crypto. That's a lot. So I think that we're batting above our average in Australia. And I think that these ETFs are going to be good for people to kind of like, uh, be able to kind of like buy these things instead of just the, the, um, the spot market staff, because for tax related purposes and stuff like that. But yeah, cool to see that Australia got the ETFs. It feels like every country is going to get an ETF, except uh, before the U S at this stage. Right. But anyway, uh, I only got a few minutes left, so I'm going to rush through the rest of these updates. I just wanted to kind of shout out that sushi swap is now live on optimism. So if you're a sushi swap user, whether that be, you know, like you'd like it for swapping or liquidity providing, you can go now use it on optimism. Um, you know, if you're already on optimism, very simple for you to do so. If not, you can bridge in and go use it there. All right. Uh, this was kind of like news out of, uh, the LFG or Luna foundation guard, uh, uh, kind of like today about what happened to their reserves. So the TLDR is that they basically are the worst traders. Uh, one of the, some of the worst traders in history, they claim that they sold a lot of their reserves, especially the Bitcoin that they had, uh, to, uh, into UST to try and defend the peg, obviously that didn't work. So now what they're left with is I think $80 million worth of assets spread between BTC, BNB, Avax, UST, and Luna from the original something billion dollars. I think those are a couple of billion dollars, something like that of assets. So they've just completely wrecked their treasury. They're saying they're going to use these funds to make users whole while there's not actually that many funds there to make users whole with UST is going nowhere. Luna is going nowhere in terms of value yet. It's just not a great situation at all. And, um, and I think that, uh, this kind of like is, is a really bad look for them. If they are telling the truth about what they did with it, uh, they basically burned their entire treasury to defend what is now a completely failed stable coin. So anyway, I just wanted to kind of like update you guys on that. The thread will be linked in the YouTube description. All right, just to end us off here, I have a four different, four shout outs I want to make. So first shout out, get coin grounds around 14 is coming. It's going to be taking place from June 8th to June 23rd. As you guys know, I'm a big proponent of public goods funding. If you're interested in playing part of the matching round, you can kind of like put funds up for that, or if you're interested in just donating, well, June 8th to 23rd, you'll be able to, and your donations are going to get matched. Next up, a kid is back with a new NFT piece that he's doing here called cascade as part of his world of Ethereum collections. You can see the kind of like trailer or the video trailer here of what this is. Um, and kid has kind of like, uh, describing this in his tweet by saying the markets melted down in a fiery cascade among the panics masses, fun class, Leviathans flocks, the followers in their wake, desperately following the false prophecies into the long dark. This is a one of one NFT. It was for sale today, which was May 14th. They're 25% of the proceeds are being donated to the protocol Guild, which is, which obviously directly funds Ethereum core development, which is very, very cool. So I think this is, is this still on sale right now? I can't remember. I'm going to just quickly check this for you guys. Um, uh, I think, yeah, it's still got a reserve of three EPR. Um, kind of like you can go and place a bid and anything on it if you want to and kind of like are in this piece of volume. It's a kind of like clear picture here rather than the trailer, but yeah, go check this out. If you haven't yet just supporting kid air, obviously because he was, uh, the one who did the, uh, daily anniversary NFT as a lot of you will, a lot of you own right now. All right. So, uh, super fish shared today that there's 10 days left or, well, this was from May 14th. So there's like eight days left now to contribute to the funds matching round at qf.eathstaker.cc to support staking tooling on Ethereum pro tip project entries technically closed today or May 14th, but they're still accepting new entries. So yeah, if you want to donate towards making staking easier for everyone, then this is where to, this is the project to donate to. This is a pure public goods donation. Uh, definitely go check this out at qf.eathstaker.cc and final shout out just quickly here. I did a podcast, uh, or a live stream with David Hoffman on Saturday, I said, in morning, my time and, uh, Eric Conner actually ended up joining in the last kind of 15 minutes. We talked about terror, the old tail one stuff and all of the stuff that happened last week. Um, all, all about the merge bullish merge stuff and bear market lessons. And you know, just a bunch of other things. It was really, really good podcasts. I actually, uh, or live stream actually really, really enjoyed it. And it was a lot of valuable insights in there. So if you haven't yet, definitely go give that a listen, but that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel. If you haven't yet, give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the disco channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.