 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Delic Bay Refuel, where we cap the latest news near the theorem ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Zassano and today's the 4th of January 2022. Right or on, let's get into it. So David Hoffman put out a really great meme today that I think pretty much summarizes the kind of I guess... I guess hostility between Web 2 and Web 3 people. You know, we've been seeing a lot of this lately of kind of like the Web 2 people saying that Web 3 is kind of pointless. Why are we reinventing the wheel? You know, it's all scams blah blah blah, right? We've all seen the criticisms of it. But David Hoffman put together this meme where basically you can see here that there's kind of like a pipe with water and it's labeled Web 2 and most of the water is going to Silicon Valley VCs, which are the ones who you know, most of the time back these kind of like massive Web 2 companies have huge stakes in them. And then you know, even when they exit through IPOs, they just get sold to like these big financial institutions. And then you can see underneath that is retail, like retail investors. But the thing is with retail investors, they don't get kind of like any airdrops or anything like that. They don't even get like scraps. They can buy the stock when it's when it's when it on IPOs or when it goes public. But what they get is a trickle of likes and hearts and engagement on social media. And I think it just this meme just captured the whole dynamic pretty well. But I wanted to kind of like give my own thoughts on this, especially around the like button. Now this may seem like something that's like pretty harmless and something that you don't even kind of like have a second thought about. But I think the like button, the heart button, whatever it is, right, whatever kind of like positive, I guess, button it is. It can be a heart, it can be a thumbs up, it can be just the word like, whatever it is. I think it's done, you know, a tremendous amount of damage to society in that people want to engage engagement farm. The algorithms reward them for this. And this like button is kind of like the way the algorithms basically, or at least one of the ways they're able to reward people for producing content that gets a lot of eyeballs, which obviously sells ads. And that's what these social media platforms want to do. And that's what they optimize for. I mean, there's no secret here. I mean, Mark Zuckerberg said this to Congress. He said, you know, we sell ads. I mean, that's what they do. They're not hiding this at all. They're billion dollar companies and they sell ads to make those billions of dollars. So, and you know, what retail is left with or what I guess like everyday people are left with when it comes to web too is the kind of like starvation of not starvation, but like they're hungry for like these likes and this engagement and this feedback whenever they post something. Now, not everyone is, but a lot of people are, and that's what dominates these websites. Like if you post something on social media and no one engages with it, well, you're going to feel pretty shitty, right? It's like walking into a room and you're trying to, you know, you shout something out to everyone in that room and everyone just totally ignores you. No one comes up and talks to you. No one engages with you. It feels pretty shitty. And social media loves to kind of like harp on about this because they know people will try to create content that will generate kind of like likes and engagement. And it's usually clickbait content, right? There's plenty of that stuff out there. I mean, this isn't anything new to social media. This has been used for decades in print media, headlines being, you know, clickbaity just got progressively worse over time. And that's exactly what kind of like the everyday people get through web too. They don't get any kind of like ownership. They don't get any sovereignty. They don't get to keep their own data. Everything that they get is basically, you know, sold to advertisers. And then the profits from that flow to shareholders. And the major shareholders are obviously Silicon Valley VCs or just VCs in general and these large financial institutions. So that's kind of like my spin on it. David had a blog post today that he put out for Bankless titled What Jack Dorsey Doesn't Get About Web3. And you can give that a read, it'll be linked in the YouTube description below. But basically, I mean, I thought it was a pretty good read. It basically goes over a bunch of kind of like the arguments about why Web3 is special, kind of like why we need it, why Jackie's like really wrong about it. I mean, if you click through here, you can kind of like see it's quite a lengthy article. Has a bunch of examples in here of how kind of like things are playing out and how things are going to play out going forward. But I also want to take the other kind of side here and say that we have to be careful, right? Because you can see David added another meme here on the right hand side where he's got Web3, right? Instead of Web2 being on the pipe of water, it's Web3 and kind of like a lot's going to Silicon Valley VCs, but then some's coming to retail as well. And then it's basically Ethereum feeding this in. We have to be careful here because I'm not going to say that there's not VCs in a lot of the protocols that are built on Ethereum and other blockchains, right? A lot of these things, and I participate in these rounds, like have seed rounds, have series A rounds. They have big name VCs on board. They definitely do sell their tokens or their equity to insiders, right? So I'm not going to sit here and basically say that Ethereum and Web3 are perfect, that they're basically the cure to this. But I think the main difference is a few different things. One is that generally the investor allocation for a Web3 product is much lower, at least these days, than it is for a Web2 product. There's airdrops before kind of like things go public. I mean, I guess tokenizing is a form of going public. But still, people get like an airdrop, they get kind of a stake in the protocol, and they get to, from basically day one, be involved in the development of the project as an open project, right? At least for a lot of things, not everything, but for a lot of things within the crypto space. And I think some of the most successful products within crypto are the ones that have been developed out and totally in the open, right? Where everyone can have a say, everyone can have a stake in it. And these grassroots ones, as I talked about yesterday, I think are very, very powerful. So there's that dynamic, but then obviously there's a lot of projects that work, I mean, I wouldn't say in a closed environment, but don't work that openly. Even Community Darling is like something like Uniswap, they don't really work out in the open, right? Uniswap V1, V2, and V3 were all developed pretty closed, pretty much behind closed doors. Yes, it gets released into the community, and Uniswap ends up being a fully decentralized protocol, open source, everything like that on Ethereum. But while it's in its development phases, there's not much community input there. It is better today than it was in the past, but in reaction to that, we had SushiSwap come along, right? And there's been a bunch of other AMMs come along that basically say, well, Uniswap isn't the AMM for the people, they have VCs, they develop behind closed doors, we're going to build a product that's open and we're going to form a grassroots community. Now obviously, you know, SushiSwap is still around, it's still doing well, but it's not doing anywhere near as well as Uniswap. And that's an example of a grassroots movement that didn't exactly work out as planned, I think. Like obviously, SushiSwap wanted to be a lot bigger than what they are today, they wanted to basically be a real challenger to Uniswap, and they just haven't been over the longer term. But in saying that, I do believe Uniswap is still kind of like a grassroots effort as well. It's not, I wouldn't call it like a centralized Web2F or anything like that, but my point is that even kind of like the big community darlings have been developed behind closed doors until they're ready to kind of release out into the public, which is totally fine, as long as once it's released out into the public, it's all open source, people can kind of like review the code, it's decentralized, and obviously, Uniswap has governance now with the UNI token. And you know, obviously, Uniswap did their massive airdrop to people, which kind of gave a mistake in the Uniswap protocol. But that's just an example of a couple there that, you know, where grassroots movements don't particularly work out, they're not going to work out for everything. I mean, I think what people kind of like mistake about a lot of these applications within crypto, not just the application, but the protocols, the layer one, layer two, whatever you want to call them, they think that they're all going to succeed. And they think that because a lot of these things can have short term positive price movement, right? Like, if you go back to the darlings of, I guess 2021, maybe the second half of 2021, I mean, the first half, the darling projects back then that everyone was hyping up and everyone was like, oh, my God, this is going to take over the world, it's going to be awesome. Their tokens are down massively. And I've discussed this before, of course, but I think that crypto gives people a false sense of security because you have that active trading and you have these markets that really haven't traditionally existed. Like if you're a product, an early stage product, most of the time, you're not going public until you've got like a successful product market fit. You've done like a series D or E or whatever it is, then you go public. And from there, it's all well and good. Whereas a lot of the time, these days, projects are started from basically, you know, maybe a seed raise or kind of like a pre seed raise and they do a token and they don't have product market fit yet, but the token will go up based on hype and speculation. And people will think that the product's super successful and everything like that, but it turns out it's really not. Right. So from that point of view, I think that there's various different ways to kind of develop things. But at the end of the day, like most businesses fail, most crypto projects will fail. They're not all going to succeed. And it becomes very dangerous for the everyday investor, especially the ones that are newer to the ecosystem, because they get sucked into these narratives. They get sucked into the short termism, especially during bull markets. And that's why we have these periods of kind of like long sideways or quiet markets, because the markets get so ahead of themselves so quickly and then they come down again. And all the people there, I mean, most of the new people end up getting wiped out, guys. Like truth be told, most of the new people, they come in and towards the end of the bull cycle there when it's already run really hot, they're literally just here for the money and they get wiped out first. And then it takes a long time for them to want to come back into the ecosystem and to put money back in because they've been burned before. And I think that's just got to do with the fact that hyper speculation rule this ecosystem and that plays out in the tokens, especially if the tokens are being released before there's any sort of product market fit, which seems to be a trend that keeps getting, I mean, it's been a trend for a while, but it seems to be more and more common these days, which I don't really like because it means that there's just so much money wasted on this stuff that I feel like projects should definitely have product market fit before tokenizing, at least some form of product market fit. But the market definitely weighs all these things together over the longer term and sorts it out. But in the shorter term, it becomes a kind of game of speculation for sure. So yeah, anyway, go give this blog post from David Hoffman a read. It was a really great one and kind of like expands on his meme here. All right, so I put out a tweet today where I said, Ethereum is being built to survive the next 1000 years. It's being designed to be a decentralized universal sediment layer for humans and machines that acts as a source of truth with heavy economic consequences for attackers. The value this brings to humanity is immeasurable. Now, there was another comment on, there was a comment on my tweet, which basically said, where was it? Down here where they said 1000 years must be a religion. Those are the only things that last that long. And then I mentioned, I replied, yes, the crypto networks that last for 1000 years or more will look basically identical to organize religion. Now, I am not a religious person at all. I don't follow any sort of religion. I don't have any kind of like faith or anything like that. But I think what we can learn from religion, or at least the takeaway I have from religion is that humans organizing around a common kind of like deity is very, very powerful. And it can last a very, very long time. Now, I'm not going to go all metaphysical on you guys and say that Ethereum is a deity, we should all worship it or whatever or anything like that. But I think that when you have networks such as Ethereum, where they're both technological and economical networks that are trying to be, you know, a settlement infrastructure for the world, like global, I mean, universal settlement infrastructure could even extend beyond earth one day, right? Especially if it's going to survive the next 1000 years. When you're talking about stuff like that, for anything to survive that long, it needs to have a religious fervor about it, which it all does already. Like there's plenty of people who are religious about all these crypto networks, especially in the Bitcoin community. I mean, you could say that Bitcoin maximalists are pretty much, you know, just zealots for Bitcoin, which I mean, I'm not going to argue whether that's a positive or negative, but I actually think if the goal of Bitcoin is just to survive, essentially, it's only goal is to survive, then I think it's a positive. I think Ethereum has a similar dynamic where there are zealots in the community, there are adherents. I mean, I would consider myself pretty close to being zealots about Ethereum. I wouldn't say that I worship Ethereum or anything like that, but when you kind of like look at these things and if you're building something to last that long, it really needs to take the form of a religion, maybe not in the literal sense, as I mentioned about having a deity and all that, but in terms of like organizing around a kind of common thing that you kind of protect for a very long time. And, you know, I went on to say, you know, it's being designed to be a decentralized universal segment layer for humans and machines. So humans being obviously, you know, you and I, but machines being all the bots that run on the Ethereum network, all the layer twos that are going to run on the Ethereum network, all the other things that bridge in and out. And honestly, bots and machines already dominate, like they already account for more of the activity on these networks than humans do. Obviously, humans create them, but it's not just being designed for humans. It's been designed for machines and bots to communicate, to settle on. And, you know, them having like strong settlement guarantees is very, very important. And that's when I said, that's when I said in my second half of the sentence here, that acts as a source of truth with heavy economic consequences for attackers. So those heavy economic consequences post-merge will come in the form of actual true finality, where two thirds of the ETH being staked as part of the Beacon chain, every 12 minutes attest to everything that happened before that on the chain saying, if anything changes in this history, if anything tries to revert, then two thirds of the ETH staked will be in danger of being slashed. And basically people lose a lot of money like that. So the concept of finality is very, very important here, especially for networks that want to last hundreds, if not thousands of years, they need to have a way to kind of like incentivize them to continue going on no matter what. And the best incentive we have is the economic ones, because money has been around for a very, very long time. It is probably going to be around for a very, very, very long time to come. And money is just a representation of value. So if you have something that you value, if the Ethereum network is something that people value very, very highly because it has so much kind of activity on it, it secures so much kind of people's belongings and people's kind of like assets and stuff like that, then it's going to be worth a lot. And by kind of like extension, ETH is going to be worth a lot. And that's why I said the value this brings to humanity is immeasurable. You cannot measure the value that a truly global, decentralized sentiment layer is going to have because we've never had that before. We've never had that before in any kind of fashion. The closest thing we have to something that is truly global and that humans and machines interact with is the internet. And even that is still not as global as I believe crypto is going to become. I think the internet is obviously huge, but I think crypto has like an actual, or Web3 has a bigger total addressable market than the internet does. And it piggybacks off the internet. It's like a superset of the internet essentially, right? Because it needs the internet to survive. But from that point of view, you cannot measure the value. I don't even think you can measure the value that the internet has brought. Like if you were to attach a token to the internet, say it's like the internet token or a TCPIP token or whatever you want to call it, what would that be worth? It would obviously be worth a lot, but could you actually accurately measure it? Could you accurately measure how explosive the internet was going to be over the last 20 years? How explosive it's going to be in the next 20 years? I don't think so. And that's the same thing for crypto. No one saw crypto getting as big as it has been to this point. And I believe that a lot of people are still underestimating how big crypto can get from here and how eye-watering a lot of these valuations can get for these tokens. And from that perspective, especially when it comes to Ethereum, I just think it's definitely immeasurable. And it's not just about the ETH token value, but just the value that a decentralized universal sentiment layer brings to humanity. So yeah, I mean, as I said, I didn't want to get too metaphysical there with you guys, but I do think this is very important because at the end of the day, these networks are run by humans, right? Yes, machines interacted with them, but it's humans at the bottom, right? We run the nodes, we run the infrastructure, we decide what upgrades go into it, we build the software. Maybe that changes in the future. Maybe Ethereum becomes a network that is controlled by artificial intelligences instead of core developers being humans, their AIs don't know. But for now it's pretty much all humans and humans are the ones who keep these kinds of networks running. So yeah, just wanted to expand on that tweet there. I thought it was something pretty interesting to think about. So Apov from Zappa put out a tweet thread today about a new extension that'll supercharge your Etherscan. So you can now right click on any address link and instantly open it on popular dashboards and tools like Zappa, Nansen and OpenSea. So you can see a screenshot here that if you right click on an Etherscan address, you can go Etherdress Explorers and then you got a dropdown list or I guess like a list here of different tools such as Nansen, OpenSea and Zappa. So there's a little video of it in action as well. And then you can go to the GitHub page to basically install it. So there's a code and tutorial on there as well. I just thought this was really cool because I commonly find myself putting addresses from Etherscan into other tools to kind of like dig down deeper into them. And this just makes, this is obviously just a huge quality of life improvement here. I haven't installed it just yet because I just saw this before I started recording this video. But definitely go check this out. It looks really, really cool. And just another tool to kind of like help you in your Ethereum journey here. So speaking of tools, Philip here from Horizon Games put out a tweet where he said, this will be a game changer for NFT trading. Vapor Trade allows you to connect with other people to chat, barter and negotiate in real time. Can trade NFTs and tokens all without using a centralized server. And the interface basically looks like the Curve interface, or I guess the Windows 98 interface, which I actually like guys. Like maybe, I don't know if it's nostalgia or if it's just I like the art style. I just really like it. I know a lot of people have an issue with it, but I find it really cool. But I think the more NFT trading tools we have, the better because OpenSea still dominates. I think they have like 96% of the NFT trading volume. And I mean, I've gone over why I don't think that's a positive before. OpenSea's contracts aren't open source. They're a very centralized service. They apparently aren't planning to do a token. They want to do an IPO. They just don't seem very Web3 friendly. But on top of that, I just don't think that anything should have 96% dominance in its category. Like we should definitely have more competition out there. Yes, OpenSea is a pretty cool website. There's obviously a lot missing from it, but it works pretty well. But it doesn't matter. I think the competition always breeds innovation, always breeds better products. And if OpenSea remains dominant and remains basically a monopoly, you're going to get slower innovation. You're going to get worse user experience and worse customer service than you would otherwise. So I'm always up for checking out new NFT trading tools. Obviously, something like this with an interface like that isn't going to appeal to the same customers that OpenSea has. It's going to appeal to a very small subset. But I think that there will be an actual OpenSea competitor sooner rather than later. I mean, I'm surprised there hasn't been already because the opportunity is so large. I mean, the amount of money OpenSea makes even during quiet periods for NFTs is pretty crazy. And I don't think we've even scratched the surface of how big NFTs are going to get. So I'm actually surprised there hasn't been a concerted effort to compete with OpenSea just yet. But I'm sure it's coming. I'm sure it's going to come in a really big way and blindside a lot of people. That's actually one of my 2022 outlooks that I hadn't mentioned yet is that I think when it comes to NFTs, there's going to be disruption across the board. I mean, think back to the beginning of 2021, NFTs weren't even really on people's radars. And now it's the only thing most people can bloody talk about. It's everywhere. And NFTs seem to be heating back up again, as I mentioned the other day. So I think that we're actually going to see some good OpenSea competitors come to market. But in the meantime, if you're a power user, you can try these vaportrade.net out and kind of like have a play around with it. I'll link it in the YouTube description for you to do so. So Bykonemy announced that Zed Run, which is a horse racing game built on Polygon, is trying Hyphen for an instant and seamless in-game bridging experience. So this Hyphen gives them faster transfers with lower fees without leaving the Zed Run UI. So this is really cool. As I've mentioned before, I think that all this infrastructure that basically abstracts away kind of like cross-chain transfers and fees, anything that abstracts that away and allows people to do it with kind of like just what they've got in their wallet or just like one to two clicks is a welcome improvement, a huge improvement over the status quo. Obviously, I've been talking about Arjun a lot lately, how they have their kind of a couple of clicks to get started with various things like ETH staking. And I think that having things like in-game where you can basically pay for the fees in any asset is very, very important. Being able to transfer across chains really, really quickly is obviously very important. So it's really cool to see Zed Run here taking advantage of the Hyphen product from Bykonemy. So if you want to read more about this, there'll be a link in the YouTube description for you to do so. And this news is from actually a couple of weeks ago. I missed it. So it was actually put on my radar by someone and I thought it was cool because I really like what Bykonemy is doing. And obviously this is built on Polygon. So I'm always curious to see stuff around that. And it's funny because like a horse racing game built on Polygon, maybe I need to look deeper into this, but I wonder how they're doing that because obviously horse racing in real life, like it depends on the horses kind of stuff. It depends on the horse's kind of like physical properties. Whereas as a digital kind of like horse racing game, I'm sure there's kind of like digital properties that are attached to each horse and things like that. But I have to dive deeper into that. Horse racing for those who don't know is actually extremely big in Australia, particularly in Melbourne. I don't really follow it at all. I mean, I'm not really much of a sports guy anyway, but it's a very, very big thing in Melbourne. So maybe some of the fellow Aussies listening into this will be able to highlight or at least tell me more about Zed Run in the Discord channel. Feel free to do so there. Cool to see this from Byconomy and Zed Run. So Vesta Finance, which I've covered I think a few weeks ago and explained to you guys what they are, announced today their small C, small strategic fundraise, I should say, from key members of the DeFi community led by Tetranode and DCFGod, who are two anons that are pretty popular on Twitter. Disclosure here, I participated in this round alongside a bunch of other chads here like Fiscantis, who a lot of you will know from what's his fun called? I think Z' Prime, not 3Lao Capital, which is the Lao brothers there. And you have 0Xmon, who I've talked about before, Eric Conner, my co-founder, Mario Anaconti, a bunch of other people here as well. So I'm really excited to back these guys and what they're building here. And for just a quick refresher of what they're building, essentially what they kind of like advertise themselves as is a high capital efficiency lending protocol. So essentially trying to get more bang for your buck, right? Like I remember I said, I think maybe a few months ago in 2021, that the theme of DeFi 2.0 was basically about capital efficiency. Like that's one of the main themes. Making use of all of the kind of like capital in the system and not just having it sit there idly by. And that's where we saw a lot of our protocols came out with their V2s and V3s and even V4s, which focused a lot on capital efficiency. Obviously we saw with UNISOB V3 with the concentrated liquidity. We've seen it with the money markets adopting using non-standard collateral types, such as LP tokens and other things like that. And I do think that that theme is going to continue into 2022. And especially as time goes on, simply because what DeFi's kind of killer use case is, is basically having everything composable with each other. And when you have that, you can have increased capital efficiency. And right now there is so much kind of like capital out there that's just being wasted sitting involved, not doing anything. Yes, there's more risk if you use it, but there's a lot more capital efficiency to be had. So you can go check out this blog post, which I'll also link in the YouTube description for an intro to investor finance in case you guys haven't seen what this is yet. But yeah, I'm very, very excited to back them as part of their small strategic fundraise here and definitely go check out the blog posts here. I'll link it in the YouTube description. So just a quick shout out here to Naylin, who has a blog post that they put together called A Sisint Story of Zero Knowledge, which is basically a deep dive on the theory of zero knowledge proofs and how to build up ZK snarks from their theoretical roots in computational complexity theory. Obviously, this is going to be very, very technical. It is a paper. I mean, I can already tell you right now, if you are not into cryptography, if you are not a technical person, you will not understand this at all. I know I don't. I pretty much understood the introduction. I was like, okay, that's enough for me. But I wanted to highlight it because obviously ZK stuff is becoming more and more prevalent. It's going to be like the main theme. Well, one of the main themes going forward for both blockchain scalability, privacy and just everything else going on in the kind of ZK space there. So if you're someone who follows this more closely and more of a technical person, you can definitely go check out this paper here for a bit of an overview, which I thought was really cool from Naylin here. And on that note as well, if you're a developer, Austin Griffith put together some ZK starter kits in the Scaffold.eth app. So you can go to GitHub. There's a membership app and a voting app. So these are kind of like templates for you to use as part of your kind of like a ZK journey. So if you're a developer just learning how to do ZK stuff, this is definitely something that you should go check out here. And obviously Austin Griffith has a lot of other tools as well, not just ZK tools. You can check out his GitHub for all that sort of stuff as part of the Scaffold.eth kind of like effort here. There's documentation, everything like that as well. Really, really cool to see. Now I have about five minutes left. There's another thing I wanted to talk about, which is related to this. And it's basically the general theme of ZK or zero knowledge stuff. I've said it before and I'll say it again. Everyone is underestimating how big ZK stuff's going to get. And as I said, not just for scalability, not just for privacy, but enabling new applications that you cannot do without zero knowledge proofs. Now, some of these applications are kind of like esoteric. Some of them don't have any practical applications. Some of them are just really cool to do in theory, but there are going to be lots of practical applications that can only be born of ZK technology. That take the scalability benefits, take the privacy benefits, take the efficiency benefits, roll them all together and create such a really cool environment for experimentation. For example, Stockware is doing this already. And I remember a few weeks ago, there was a blog post they put out about L3 scaling. Now I'm kind of torn on the L3 or layer three terminology. I can see this getting crazy where everyone's just going to go like L4, L5, L6, and it's just going to be a mess. I don't really know how that's going to go. I'm going to tell people kind of like stick to people start kind of like using layer three terminology commonly, I'll start using it as well. But basically their layer three blog press was essentially achieving more scalability by kind of like pushing things or pushing StarkNet to, or not StarkNet, I think it was StarkX to a different layer and kind of like separating concerns there with their ZK stack. So you have like layer three, which is much more scalable than the layer two, and which is much more scalable than the layer one. And then the costs get, by more scalable, I mean the costs come down over time, the higher the layers that you go there. Now, obviously there's going to be different trade-offs to take into account here in terms of security and decentralization, data availability, all that sort of stuff there. But I still think this is, I generally think this is the way the industry is going to go. You're going to have that global settlement layer, that universal kind of sentiment layer in Ethereum. You're going to have the layered approach for execution and layer two, and then you can push it up to other layers for more execution or the separation of concerns between kind of like where to store the data and where to do the execution and how to do it, how to do it recursively with ZK proofs, all that sort of stuff that you've probably heard about at this point. So I think that if you're interested in doing anything in this industry and you feel like you're, you know, you feel like getting your hands dirty and getting really into the weight of stuff, doing anything in the ZK space is probably going to pay the most dividends, both career wise and kind of like investment wise for the foreseeable future. I think that, you know, people are sleeping on the ZK stuff still because they're too, too, pure occupied with a bunch of other things, like the layer one stuff and maybe some of the DeFi stuff, which will obviously be enhanced by ZK tech. But I really think that no matter how many times I say it, I'm just going to keep saying it. The ZK stuff is going to be the main theme, or at least one of the main themes of the next few years. And you should definitely get at least a high level grasp over it. And if you want to dive deeper, if you want to be, if you want to work within that industry, just, you know, definitely do so because it's going to pay a lot of dividends going forward. But yeah, I think that's going to be it for today, everyone. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.