 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Review where we cap the latest news near the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Stan the designer and today's the 14th of June 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So I am going to be a part of a series over the next eight weeks being hosted by SSV network here called The Merge. So this is going to be an eight-week series with each week interviewing someone new about The Merge, basically about everything got to do with The Merge. So we're going to be starting with Tim Byko later in the week. He can kind of like set a reminder here. It's going to be done on Twitter spaces as you can kind of like see here. It's going to be done at my time. That should be 10 a.m. on June 18th, my time, which is Australian Eastern Standard Time. I think for US it's like evening and Europe it's pretty late, but it's going to be recorded and everything. So if you miss it, then you know it's not a big deal. So there's that. But you know, why are we doing this? Why are we doing this series? Well, SSV network answers it perfectly in their tweet here where they said there is lots of misinformation as well as sharp lack of understanding in and around all things proof of stake and The Merge, whether it's gas fees or what this means for us and you, it is clear that we are severely under educated to a comical degree. So this series will basically kind of like improve education there. Obviously I do a lot of that on the refuel, but we want to reach more people. We want to kind of like do it through different avenues like Twitter spaces and things like that. So I'm excited for this. And if you are around to catch it live on this, on the spaces, as I said, it's happening kind of like this week. And then for the next eight weeks, we will basically be doing a new guest, which is going to be really, really exciting. So I'm looking forward to it. I hope you guys are too. As I said, it will also be recorded. So no stress if you miss catching it live there, but definitely set a reminder if you want to. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. Alright, so I put out this tweet just before where I said one of my meditations during the last bear market was to go on long walks while listening to crypto podcasts that weren't focused on trading slash prices. This helped to keep me grounded and focused on the technology. It has paid off big time over the long run. So I used to do this in, it was kind of like 20, I think, what was it the second half of 2018 and pretty much all of 2019. I ended up losing a lot of weight back then and kind of like just going for walks as part of that routine. Like I was on the diet, I was doing exercise and I'd usually go for really long walks. Like it would be I think two hours or more at some point. So depending on how good the podcast was and how many I was listening to, but it was really awesome because you can kind of get lost in it, right? Like I went on the same kind of like walk every pretty much time and I didn't need to kind of like pay attention to where I was walking. It was just kind of like second nature at that point. And then I just get really, really lost in the podcast itself. And it actually made me really, really bullish and kept me kind of like grounded because it's always nice to hear, I guess people reaffirm your own beliefs about the technology and also have the same views as you on the technology. And a perfect example of this is a podcast I listened to today. It was the one with the guy from Framework. I mean, I've gone blank on his name right now on Bankless. It's not a new podcast. It came out, I think a couple of weeks ago. But he's from Framework Ventures, which is kind of like a fund in the space. But he really understands kind of like the Ethereum vision, where Ethereum is going. He's making big bets on the application layer and on the gaming layer. Oh, that's right, Vance. Vance is his name. Some of you will know him. Most of you probably will know him. He's pretty active on Twitter. But it was really just great to listen to him talk about things. And this was when ETH was around $2,000. And he actually picked a few things. Like he wasn't talking about the prices. He was talking more in the context of kind of like the bear markets and how builders kind of react to them and things like that. And it was funny hearing him talk about these things at $2,000 ETH. And a lot of them have come true up to this point. I think he said that, you know, there was probably going to be more downside, things like that. There was probably going to be a flush out of kind of like, unsustainable kind of like teams and unsustainable projects and all that sorts of stuff. And then he went into kind of like how he thinks about different things within the Ethereum ecosystem and how he kind of like has a mental model around them. So I think, you know, for first cyclers, for people who maybe got into this in 2020 or 2021, I would say the best use of your time right now in 2022 during this bear market would be to do this. Obviously, you guys listen to the refuel probably every day, right? And that's great. But don't just listen to me. Like there's plenty of awesome voices out there that you should be listening to, especially ones that are kind of like working on the projects themselves. And I kind of like gave a small list here of ones that I listened to. There's Epicenter, Zero Knowledge, Uncommon Core, Bankless, not all of them on Bankless. Bankless has a ton of content, but just like the really kind of like good tech focused ones. And then Up Only when it's tech focused, obviously Up Only is kind of like a trading focus as well. They do have traders on and they do talk a lot about price, but they do have really good tech episodes too. So those are the ones I usually listen to. And then the ones that I produce obviously are the Daily Guay and Ethub, which I'm sure a lot of you already listen to. And I mean, obviously you're already listening to the Daily Guay. But those things I think, or those podcasts are just some, there are others out there that you may kind of like find interesting that kind of like, I just didn't name there, but I think that's the highest return on investment right now. Like, yeah, you can buy Eth and DCA into Eth if you want to, you know, scoop up bear market prices, if that's kind of like your prerogative. But I think that outside of that, the higher return is literally basically, I guess, programming your mind to be in a good frame of mind. Because I know for first cyclers, price action is the price action over the last, I guess, six months has been really brutal. And even for us, kind of, I guess, veterans, you could call us or OGs, we, you know, a lot of us didn't expect Eth to go below the last all time high and things like that. So we're kind of like reevaluating things now and being like, okay, well, did Eth kind of like get, you know, way overvalued in people's eyes, you know, where's Eth going to settle out? What's Eth kind of like fair value as it exists today? Is Eth undervalued right now? All that sorts of stuff. And it's not something that I'm going to kind of like talk about that much on the review. I try to avoid as much market talk as possible. But in general, that's kind of like the things that I think people are thinking about right now in the OG crowd. But the first cycler crowd, it's probably not worth your time to think about those sorts of things, to be honest at all. I think, as I said, like the best thing you could be doing right now is just listening to the podcast, reading, I guess, like newsletters, reading blog posts, just kind of like engrossing yourself in the tech rather than staring at the charts all day. Because if you, unless you're a trader, staring at the charts all day isn't going to serve you any purpose at all. It'll actually, you might not even notice this happening. It'll actually be worse for you because what ends up happening is when you stare at the charts too much, your brain tends to, I guess, baseline that and normalize that. And when the charts are just kind of just down only, your brain tends to kind of baseline itself for that. And then it baselines itself in a kind of negative frame of mind. Whereas if you're listening to the Tech Focus podcast, which are pretty much always positive about the tech, what people are building, what they're hoping to achieve, then your frame of mind changes. So that's why really at the end of the day, that's why it was such a big meditation for me going on these walks, especially getting out and getting, you know, I guess like getting some exercise in, going out and smelling some fresh air, that played a huge part in it as well. But also making sure that my brain was aware of the fact that the crypto is much more than just the markets. Crypto is the tech at the end of the day. I mean, at the beginning and end of the day, it's all about the tech to me. So why not focus on the tech and stop looking at the prices? So I think that's pretty much the highest return on investment. And I think that right now, I mean, especially at the depths of the bear market, it definitely is. If there's one piece of advice I could give to anyone right now, it's like, don't stare at the charts, don't look at the prices, just stop doing it altogether. Seriously, it's not going to do you any good. Unless you're a trader, as I said, there's no point. If you want to average in, set some buys on an exchange or set some buys on a decentralized exchange to the limit orders, and just leave them there. Whatever price you want to buy them at, leave them there. And then if you want to readjust them from time to time, you can. But other than that, just don't look at the price anymore. I know it's easy for me to say that, and obviously I still look at the price quite frequently, but as I said, for veterans and for OGs, it's a different thing for us. Whereas for the first cyclist people that are newer, it's kind of like a very, I guess, fresh in your mind and something just not worth your time focusing on. But that's just my opinion. You can focus on whatever you want at the end of the day. And you also don't need to go for just walks either. You can do whatever you want. Like you can ride your bike, which is what I do now. I don't really go on walks anymore. I tend to just ride my bike. You can go to the gym, you can do yoga, or you can play video games while doing it too. I think the thing is I play classic well, because as I said in my other tweet here, it's like an AFK game where I can just turn my brain off to the game and then turn and leave my brain focused on the podcast. And I have like a little iPad mini in front of me. So I'll have the podcast going there and on my big screen here, I'll have the game going. And then I'll just kind of like really watch the podcast most of the time, listen to that rather than focus on the game. But it's to kind of keep me, I guess, focused because if I'm listening to a podcast while on Twitter, I mean, I'm not going to focus on the podcast, I'm going to focus on Twitter. So if I'm in front of my computer and want to listen to a podcast, that's how I do it. But normally I will go outside of my house because then there's just no distractions and I'll make sure that I just don't touch my phone. And it's really easy to do when I'm on a bike ride. Like when you're walking, it's a bit harder because you can easily touch your phone, but on a bike ride, I'm just riding my bike. Like I can't really go on my phone. If I do, I have to stop my bike. I still kind of get run over by a car or something. So in that, from that kind of like perspective, it's really easy to just listen to the podcast, getting grossed in it and learn and learn. And that's what I mean. I'm all about education. I'm all about learning and you should definitely focus on the tech rather than the prices, especially in times like these. But I'm going to leave it at that for now. A bunch of other stuff to get through for today. So something that was just announced about an hour ago, I think before I started recording here was that Coinbase has decided to reduce the size of their team by 18%. Now this shouldn't come as a shock at this point. I think BlockFi has done something similar today as well. This is what happens in bear markets guys. Companies doesn't, I mean, I wouldn't say all companies, but like, especially the bigger ones, they tend to over hire for one reason or another. And then when the market turns sour, they have to cut. And we saw this a lot in the last bear market, especially out of consensus. They hired a lot during 2017 and even parts of 2018. And they had to cut because they were bleeding money at the end of the day. That's the main reason, right? Like, and the thing is, is that if you project the bear market to last, what, one, two years from now, maybe you're projecting like the worst case scenario of three years. Well, as a company, you kind of map that out and you say, okay, well, what's our runway here? What's the revenue going to be going to be going forward? Because obviously the revenue numbers that we're doing six months ago, aren't what the revenue numbers are today. And then if the market stays quiet, like it has in previous bear markets, really, really quiet, what are the revenues going to be like? And they're projecting all of that out and they're thinking to themselves, okay, well, we need to cut, we need to cut things here, not just the team, but all expenses and cutting the team, especially for things that are maybe the more moonshot ideas, or maybe the things that are kind of like nice to have for the company is the first to go. So unsurprising to me that this happened really shitty that it happened. But I think the positive here is that there are still a lot of teams, smaller teams, especially hiring, because they just raised a lot of money. They have kind of like the runway for many, many years, and they have the money in order to hire some of these people. So I'm sure some or most of these people will probably find jobs elsewhere in crypto. If not in crypto, maybe in kind of like the web2 world, which is also laying off people due to the bear market. But generally, there are still kind of like jobs out there. And I would also note on this as well, what's kind of like sucked here was that Coinbase, I think, terminated these accounts and locked people out of their Coinbase accounts, and they're kind of Coinbase company email due to security concerns. Obviously, like if you get if you found out that you're kind of being let go, there's kind of like a security concern there about, I guess, accessing potential sensitive information such as insider trading related stuff on Coinbase, and maybe accessing systems that you shouldn't have access to if you're not going to be employed Coinbase anymore. It's still kicking the guts at the end of the day, apparently, they're going to be letting people know via their personal emails. So I mean, imagine being like not even checking kind of, I guess your personal email yet and trying to log into your Coinbase account, or all the Coinbase back in there and being locked out. And yeah, it's just a mess, right? Like you can think about all the scenarios, it just gets very, very messy from there. But as I said, this is normal bear market behavior, you're going to see funds blowing up, you're going to see companies reducing their headcount, you're going to see private market valuations, crater, we've obviously already seen the public market valuations, crater. And at some point, a bottom will be found, the market will range for a while, eventually confidence will return and we'll repeat it again. Like it's not like the cycle is never going to repeat itself. It's just that you never know how deep the bear market is going to go. You never know how long it's going to last for. And you never really know when it's going to start, I guess, some up trending again. Now there are certain signs you can look for, there are certain kind of like signals that signal a change in the market and where people start feeling really positive again. I think for me, that was when ETH crossed about $400 back in 2020 was when I really started feeling the bull market was back. We had DeFi summer before that happened and that was also a feeling for me. But what really confirmed it was when ETH kind of, I guess, got above that price that it was stuck at, or that range that it was stuck at since, I guess, the beginning of 2019, or like second half of 2018 there. So there are those sorts of signals, but other signals as well, like you just, you kind of feel a wind change. It's kind of hard to describe it. If you're in crypto every day, you do tend to feel these things. And I took advantage of that, to be honest. Like, I mean, you guys know I made most of my money during DeFi summer because I just kind of felt the winds change. And I'm like, okay, this isn't some just random scam pump that's going to get sold into like it was in 2019. This is actually something real here. The winds have changed. I'm extremely bullish on this and I feel like we're going to run here really, really hard. And we did like, yes, DeFi came down after it, but we did. We had a massive DeFi bubble that made people a lot of money. And then those profits rolled into ETH from there. And obviously I rolled a lot of the profits into ETH as well and rode that up during 2021. And the thing is, is that we got really, really overheated really quickly. Obviously by May we were at 4400 ETH, and then we came off of that. And then by November we were at 4900 again. But there were kind of like different pockets. Like the, I think the second rally from May to November, or I guess like from June, July to November was driven by what I guess Vance called on his Bankless Podcast, a low conviction rally. It was just a very different rally. Like I was very bullish on ETH because of EIP-1559 and other things like the merge. But I think what ended up happening was that a lot of crap just ended up pumping as part of like a late cycle thing where a lot of the Altair 1s pumped, a lot of the just like pure shit went up, a lot of mainly in the NFT kind of ecosystem went up and then the winds changed. Then we went into a bear market, right? Like, so when they change again, I'll let you guys know, like I actually won't say it when I'm not like totally confident in it. I'll probably call it like much later than a lot of other people will, but until like, okay, maybe I can give some alpha here is what I'm looking for, for the winds to actually change. In terms of when we could actually, or when I would actually feel like we're back in a proper bull market, I think ETH needs to cross $3,600 again. I know that seems like a world away from here at this point. And for good reason, I think ETH would need to cross $3,600 again with conviction, without being sold back down, without coming back under it, for me to think, okay, we're going to all time highs and the bull market is back in full swing. That's the first thing I'd be looking for. But I'd also be looking for a bunch of other kind of things that I always look for, like general sentiment and general kind of happenings within the ecosystem, but it may not play out exactly like that either. So that's just kind of like what I'm looking for. And I will definitely keep you guys apprised of how I'm feeling, but right now I'm definitely feeling like we're in for a long bear market. And long is relative at the end of the day. It could last six months from here, maybe because we've already been in it for six months, or it could last a year or it could last two years. I'm not sure, especially with given the macro environment right now. But at the end of the day, I don't think it's going to last forever. I don't think it's going to last for a very, very long period of time. I think that crypto is extremely resilient. I think that the teams that kind of survive the bear market will do very, very well going forward, not just in the bull markets, but just like over the long term. So just something to keep in mind there. But sad to see these from Coinbase today, but they'll be fine. I think. I don't think they're going to be obviously going under or anything like that, but tough times ahead for all of crypto in this bear market because capital just dries up, liquidity dries up and it's a slog. If anyone's who's been through previous crypto bear market, you know exactly what I mean. If this is your first one, strap in, as I said, learn, learn, learn as much as you can because it's quieter now. It's much easier to do it. It's less distractions and you'll be set and really, really nicely set up for the next bull market when it inevitably comes by. All right. So some updates out of ethereum.org today. So they've said here lots of very exciting changes after deploying V4.2.0 or V420 of ethereum.org. So they have a new page dedicated to decentralized social networks and how ethereum enables their use case. They have a, another brand new use case page discussing decentralized identity. And also if you're looking for something to build during the bear, you can check out those to kind of like keep you busy, more interested in the protocol. There's a walkthrough of the yellow paper there as well. And there's a bunch of other things too, which you can read in this thread here. What I'm really excited about is these new pages because I think decentralized social networks and decentralized identity are going to be the two key themes going into the bear market, especially because these sorts of things are things that I think regardless of what the price is doing, the people who care about them still care about them because they're not really related to the price. Like decentralized social networks, for example, something like lens protocol, for example, doesn't have a token attached to it. You could argue maybe Aave is the token for lens protocol, but it's not, right? There's not really any financial stuff going on there. It's just purely, can we build a decentralized network from first principles? Same goes for decentralized identity. A lot of those things don't have tokens attached to them or don't have monetary incentives attached to them. And they definitely have use cases today. I mean, there's decentralized identity platforms integrated with Gitcoin in order to boost your Gitcoin matching, you kind of verify with these platforms and things like that. So these pages are cool. You can go check them out. They've got links to a bunch of things that are being worked on, a bunch of information here. So definitely go check them out. But this is the kind of stuff I'm talking about when it comes to tech focused stuff, because this doesn't really have much to do with price. And even related to decentralized identity is stuff like signing with Ethereum, stuff like CISMO with their zero knowledge badges, a POAP, of course, like all these sorts of stuff, guys, is like very, very orthogonal to prices and to crypto markets and stuff that really is interesting from a pure tech standpoint and from a pure, like, how does this improve the world standpoint? And that's what I'm definitely most interested in. So definitely go check this out. I'll link these in the YouTube description below. All right. So a really great thread here from Ashin. I think that's how you pronounce his name. He's got it in his bio here. Pronounce us Ashin. Okay. From Ashin here from Obel Network. So he's put together a thread titled the modular Ethereum stack. Now, this isn't the modular Ethereum stack as I have talked about it before. This is a different modularity. This is modularity on the protocol layer on the, I guess, like a client layer. And I'll explain what I mean by that. It's not the modularity of layer one, layer two, right? Data availability, execution, consensus, all that sorts of stuff. This is more looking at how we're in our post merge, we're going to be having something called a consensus layer and an execution layer. And on both of those layers, they're going to be separated with different clients. Obviously on the consensus layer, we have clients like Prism and Lighthouse. And on the execution layer, we have Geth, Nevermind, and a bunch of the other ones as well there. So that's the first separation. Then there are other separations such as what Obel Network is doing with distributed validator technology and their middleware client called Sharon here as well. So there are multiple execution, consensus, and validator clients all working together in this environment as part of the modular stack. Obviously, you can use Lighthouse with Geth or you can use Prism with Nevermind, or you can use Lighthouse with Nevermind, right? That's the whole point of client diversity between the execution and consensus layers. You can chop and change which ones you use and they all talk to each other. So that's what's being talked about in this thread here. And I definitely highly recommend giving it a read for a further breakdown. It's not a long thread, but I really, really liked it because I think, yeah, there's two parts of the modular kind of like thesis here. There's modularity on the consensus, execution, and settlements, and data availability. And then there's modularity of the actual inside the consensus and execution itself, which is related to the core clients and how they all talk to each other. And then middleware and other software products like DVT that get built on that. So I'll link this in the YouTube description and you can go check out this thread for yourself. All right, so zk-sync is teasing that they are shipping a major update to their v2 testnet next week. So as a heads up to developers, this will be feature forward looking structural changes that necessitate a regenesis. So similar to, I guess, what Optimism did with their regenesis, but that was done on mainnet. This is done on testnet. V2 of zk-sync is still coming here, which is really, really cool to see. Obviously layer two teams are all working in the background, all working diligently, probably working a bit more kind of like pressure off at this point because of the fact that we are in the bear market, which is awesome. Because I think they can focus on doing things right instead of rushing them out the door. So just kind of giving a heads up here for the developers, but also it may mean that the v2 of zk-sync may be closer to mainnet than we think. Hopefully within the next few months, I'm definitely looking forward to that there. All right, so Bert Milley here from Flashbots put together a little thread talking about the massive MEV payments that happened from that person selling 65,000 ETH the other day that I talked about to protect their maker position. So there was a 720 ETH ARB, which is the biggest Flashbots bundle payment ever. Another 540 ETH MEV payment here, 428 ETH and 310 ETH. And you can see the transactions that he screenshotted here of what's going on. Now this is what happens when you basically just market sell things. Guys, like MEV will get you and MEV will make profits off of you. So what ended up happening was that 65,000 ETH was literally market sold through all these DEXs to a DEX aggregator in order to pay down some debt of this position. I mean, I don't even know why the person did this unless it was an automated thing because one, they have like one hour to protect their maker position because the Oracle only updates once every hour. And two, they weren't kind of like needing to sell all the ETH at once. You can actually average it down. They could have sold 5,000 ETH, paid off what they had, lower the liquidation price, do it again and again and again. And as I said, they still have that hour to do it. So even if the price went below the price of they're going to get liquidated, then they can panic or then they can sell faster. But there's no point market selling 65,000 ETH and suffering all that slippage and giving these MEV people or I guess these people kind of like, they're called searchers and ability to make so much money off of this. But it's what happened and it may have been automated. There is an automated service as part of Oasis, which is the kind of maker CDP front end or maker vault front end there. They may have triggered this, but yeah, it was just like a weird thing to me that someone would do this when they didn't need to. They weren't even at risk of liquidation because as I said, they have that hour, but they also had even more time because they could just keep lowering the price there. So yeah, but anyway, this thread is very, very short, just probably a link to the transaction here, but I guess pretty crazy to see how much money can be made if you know what you're doing when it comes to MEV here. All right, so another tweet that I put out today was talking about DeFi on Ethereum. And I said DeFi on Ethereum, the real DeFi, AKA DeFi 1.0 is working very well during all of this volatility. We're still building the future of finance here. Don't miss the forest for the trees. So what I mean by DeFi 1.0 is like the OG DeFi projects, your makers, your compounds, Uniswap, Aave, a bunch of others out there that didn't really participate in the DeFi 2.0 movement, which was like Ponzi's and money games and didn't really bring in any innovation. There are all those protocols, they're very low risk to use compared to other protocols. They're faring extremely well, they're handling the market volatility really well, they're working just as designed, and they're growing and thriving, especially something like Uniswap, which just seems to be growing like crazy still. And what I really love about this is the fact that these builders of these projects didn't, I guess, try to take shortcuts here. They didn't try to do ridiculous liquidity mining programs in order to get some growth during, I guess, the mania. They already had tokens and they didn't try to do anything crazy with their tokens. They were building sustainable tools, they weren't building Ponzi-esque things. Obviously, DAI came under a lot of heat from the Terra crowd because they said that UST was a better decentralized stablecoin and UST actually ended up growing bigger than DAI. But we all know how that ended. There's no need for me to kind of repeat myself there. But there's a reason why the Maker protocol doesn't accept the MKR token as collateral and it also doesn't use it as a kind of like an algo stable. Yes, it's boring in terms of, you know, during a bear market, you may look at it and be like, why would I ever touch that? It's so boring. It's boomify, whatever you want to call it. Fair enough. But at the end of the day, that's what it should be. Finance is not something that should be hard and fast. It's literally people's money here. And we've seen countless examples of this, even over the last few months, of why you should not play hard and fast with financial tools. They inevitably blow up. They inevitably have issues with them. So you need to move slow. You need to move methodically. You need to move sustainably. But the problem is that crypto doesn't do that during bull markets at all. It moves very, very quickly. The greed takes over. New people are coming in like no tomorrow. Money's flooding in. There's a huge liquidity injection and low quality projects will take advantage of this because they're not really building for the long term. They don't care about sustainability. They're building for that period of a few months where there's a massive mania and they can make money from it. And they did. A lot of people made a lot of money from this, just forking existing projects or spinning up shitty clones of other projects and adding a token to it and making money while they're going was good there. So that's probably always going to happen during bull markets. But if you really want to focus on what has longevity and what is going to actually be sustainable over the 10 year period, plus 10 year plus period, it's definitely the things that seem the most boring because they're still going to be here during bear markets. They're going to still be thriving. They're going to still be working and they're not going to break. And that's exactly what's been happening with the DeFi quote unquote 1.0, DeFi 1.0, right? So I just wanted to kind of, I guess, talk a little bit about that there, because I think it's important. I think it's important to consider what you are, I guess, putting your money into, how much risk you're taking. And also to consider, if you're in this for the long term, then you should be focused on long-term related things. You shouldn't be just focused on the short-termism. And at the end of the day, there's only a small handful of things that are long-term focused, but those things are going to be here when the dust settles. Those things are going to be here when everyone clears out. And those things, there's a high chance they're going to be here in 10 years, rather than, you know, last for a few months and then die off, right? So just something to keep in mind there. All right. So interest protocol, which I spoke about, I think a few weeks ago is now live. Users can go to interestprotocol.io to deposit USDC and mint USDI or borrow USDI against wrapped ETH, UNI or wrapped BTC. So if you're interested in playing around with another DeFi protocol here, you can definitely go check out interest protocol. I think this is one of those that I was talking about before that looks like to be more sustainable and wanting to be more sustainable, but it's a new project. So, you know, you have to give it time to bake in and everything like that. But there's not just interest protocol. There are a bunch of other newer projects out there that are trying to be sustainable, trying to build things, right? These are the ones I would be focusing on in the bear market. I wouldn't be focusing on any of the things that may be still sticking around as zombies, but I just like completely unsustainable rubbish. I'd be focusing on the things that have serious teams behind them, serious experience teams behind them, making products that actually make sense and products that are growing. You know, maybe they're growing slowly because it's a bear market, but still growing organically without ridiculous token incentives or anything like that. That's the projects I'd be focusing on. And I put interest protocol in that bucket there from what I've seen from them. They seem to be a really cool new little money market here, and I'm liking some of the innovations that they're doing as well. So definitely go check them out. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right. So Jasper from, I guess like the Rocker Pool community here, pinged me about this update today. So there's currently a vote for getting RE on the maker protocol here. So add RE as a new vault type. So the vote, the vote is going to MKR holders right now. It seems that a lot of people are in favor of this. I can't remember what the actual threshold was. I don't remember if you had to have 70% or 80% yes, in order to get this added at the moment at 77%. Yes. I'm hoping this goes through because obviously we want to be able to leverage. If you, I mean, a lot, obviously a lot of people want to be able to leverage their stake, each derivative such as RE in order to I guess maybe do leverage staking or borrow against it to do something with it. Maybe borrow against it to get some stables and go buy something with it. Cause they don't want to sell their eighth and anything like that. So definitely want to get this pushed through here. So if you have MKR tokens, you can go vote on this if you'd like, but we'll keep an eye on this. I think there's two days, two hours remaining. Hopefully this goes through. If it does then yeah, RE will be added as a collateral type to make up, which is very, very cool. All right. Last up here, we just have a tweet from scroll, which is one of the layer twos on Ethereum building a zk EVM. So this is basically a blog post introducing themselves and their vision and values. I just wanted to highlight this here for you guys to go give a rate of this. It was a pretty great rate. It's pretty short. It just basically says exactly where the title says their vision and values, how they envision, you know, scroll fitting within the layer two landscape on Ethereum, and also just going over what they're building with a zk EVM here. So definitely go check that out linked in the YouTube description, but I think that's going to be it for today. So thank everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel. If you haven't yet, give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.