 Hello everyone, welcome to another episode of the deadly grey refuel, where we recap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host the Andrés Asano and this is the 13th of September 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So less than two days until the merge, I think it's around 35 hours or something right now, and Google's merge countdown has been updated and the pandas are now touching. So this is pretty cool that they've actually gone the extra mile here, not only do they have the pandas, they're also kind of moving the pandas closer together and I'm assuming it's going to just be one panda, one actual panda once the merge happens. So very cool to see that. But yeah, as I said, less than two days right now. Bordeaux and 797.io are both pretty much in sync, not in sync totally with each other at the moment, but they're pretty close. So you can see here on Bordeaux, the estimated time is September 15th at 4.43am UTC. On 797.io it is September 15th at 3.04am UTC. So they're much closer than they were previously, and that's because obviously as we get closer it becomes easier to estimate these things. And hashrate seems pretty steady, it has been going down a little bit but not too much, so it is pretty steady there. So it does seem like the merge is going to happen, you know, maybe between like 2 and 5 am I guess like UTC on September 15th here, which sucks for people in Europe I believe, good for the US, definitely good for Australia, that's like afternoon for Australia so I'm happy about that. But I guess like the EuroBros as I like to call them, we'll have to kind of like stay up late or something, or maybe get up, we're very early morning there. But yeah, as we get closer obviously we'll get more of an exact time, but yeah, I mean we're never going to get an exact exact time until like basically until it happens. But yeah, less than two days away now, it's exactly a time of recording, 38 hours remaining. So, so close guys, it's crazy, 38 hours. Anyway, I also saw this from Santiago today, he shared this on Twitter, that on the front page of the Financial Times there's something about the merge. You can see here in the top in orange it says the merge, historic moment or just another crypto hype. And there's a, I guess like a thing on page 13 which you can see here, this is what Santiago shared, basically a picture of Vitalik with the Ethereum logo and everything talking about the merge itself. So this is speaking to like I think a wider thing and the wider attention that Ethereum has attracted with the merge. Normally network upgrades go through and the only ones who care about them are people within Ethereum and maybe wider crypto. I guess like the last network upgrade that got this much fanfare was EIP-1559 and didn't even really come close. I think EIP-1559 had some mainstream media coverage, but it was mostly an insider Ethereum thing, right, and some I guess like a bit wider in crypto as well. Whereas the merge seems to have gotten much more attention from the mainstream media this time around. And I think that the major reason is definitely that energy reduction that we're going to see, right, that 99.95% energy use reduction which the mainstream media loves to talk about because obviously one of the things that people hate crypto for the most is the energy use. For better or worse, that doesn't matter around the reasoning behind it, it's just definitely the narrative. And the other big thing is obviously that issuance reduction which I don't think the mainstream media reports on too much because it's a bit more involved, a bit more esoteric for them to talk about, but they definitely do talk about Ethereum moving from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake and how that's energy efficient and all the stuff that comes along with that. So we really are on the world stage right now and it's funny that I'm going to be doing that merge, mainnet merge live stream call with Eastaker and Bankless in a couple days at time of the merge. And I think that it's going to be, it's definitely going to be a much more, I guess, serious stream than we've had in the past with the testnets because I think on this one there's going to be a lot of people watching, like a lot, and not just within crypto, outside of crypto as well. So it's definitely going to be us on the world stage so to speak. And obviously if the merge goes through successfully, which we expect it will, I don't think anyone's expecting it to fail or anything like that, there's going to be a lot of good press around that as well. And I really do think the conversation is going to shift a lot in, I guess, not just the energy usage stuff but around Ethereum itself. And this is by far the biggest upgrade Ethereum has ever delivered. And if we deliver this and it literally goes through just fine and nothing goes wrong with it and it's all well and good, the network keeps operating, then I think that's a massive de-risking event for Ethereum, not just within crypto but outside of crypto as well. Because all the other upgrades coming to the network, some of them are pretty big, right? But they're not, nothing, I mean nowhere near as big as the merge or as Ethereum's move to proof of stake. Because that has been, excuse me, that has been the most complex upgrade by far. And everything else we have coming, while they may be just as impactful, such as proto-dank sharding or dank sharding in general, they're definitely not on the same level. So yeah, I honestly think that there's nothing negative that I can think about when it comes to the merge and Ethereum moving to it. As long as we get a successful merge, obviously, if something catastrophically bad happens where for some reason the chain just doesn't kind of like shift to proof of stake and it just freezes or something, that'll be like the worst case scenario. Obviously, it's not going to be a good time. But we didn't even see any of that on the testnets. We haven't really seen that on the Shadow forks. I believe there was a Shadow fork recently actually, Shadow fork 13, where it went through not 100% perfect, but I believe the only issue was on their end. They didn't, I think, configure something properly. So like, there really is no issues with the transition itself. It's more around the configuration stuff. And as I've mentioned before, you can definitely expect validators, some validators to drop off at time of the merge because they didn't update in time, like their nodes in time or they didn't do the configuration right. But they're going to quickly fix that because money's on the line. So yeah, I mean, I'm expecting a very successful merge. I'm expecting the mainstream media to continue their positive coverage of Ethereum once the merge goes through as well. And they're definitely going to focus on that energy reduction narrative, which is a huge boon for us, especially at a time like this where energy prices are skyrocketing for people. They're not going to, you know, want to stomach the fact that there's this massive thing using, you know, sorry, there's these massive networks using all this energy. For better or worse, it doesn't really matter what the arguments are. The narrative is still pretty bad around proof of work. And I don't expect that to change anytime soon. So I'm very happy Ethereum won't have to deal with that. But obviously, I'm also happy about a lot of other things. You know, I think Ethereum is going to be more secure under proof of stake. The issue introduction is super exciting. The fact that it's just, as I said, a huge de-risking event for Ethereum. There's so much that goes into it that there's just something for everyone, I think, at the end of the day. So very, very cool to see the merge featured in the Financial Times. All right, last up on the merge, actually, you know, there's two or maybe three more merge things. Yeah, I just looked at the tabs here. There are three more things here. But there was a feature done of me in the block. So the block is doing a feature on a bunch of people that were heavily involved within Ethereum and with the merge, of course. So this feature was written by Lucy here. I recommend giving it a read, not just because it's about me, but because I thought it was really well written. And basically, Lucy interviewed me for this, and she didn't try to make anything clickbaity about it. She didn't actually represent anything inaccurately. She didn't put words in my mouth. She reported on what I said and was really good. So definitely go give it a read. I'll link it in the YouTube description below for you to do so. All right, so those new home of the heart NFTs that I spoke about yesterday or I've been speaking about on the refill lately are now live. And you can go check them out at the JPEG website here at jpg.space. And then there's obviously a further link here, which I'll link in the YouTube description below for you to do so. And you can also, I think, keep minting the Panda NFT, which is part of this collection as well. The one that I didn't get number one for, I got number six. I was actually on the site and I clicked like mint NFT, which is the first new mistake because I should have just done it through the contract directly. But I clicked mint NFT basically when the countdown ended. And it said, can't estimate gas and it threw me an error. I didn't even go through the MetaMask. I'm like, oh, damn it. So I went to eat the scan then and I looked up the mint function and I manually did it. And then I got number six. Actually, someone in the Daily Grade Discord channel got number one. So congrats to them. That's awesome. But yeah, number six. I'm still in the top 10. I'll settle for that. But I hope you guys had a chance to mint it. As I mentioned yesterday, the proceeds are going to 50% core devs and another 50% to good causes. But same is true for all the other NFTs that Stapleworks is doing as well as part of this new Home of the Heart collection. You can go check that out. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right. So I came across this yesterday and I kind of debated amplifying this or not because I don't know if this is legit or anything. I don't think it's a scam, but I don't really know how legit it is or how, I guess, like safe it is to use. But essentially, there's this Twitter account called Power Dump. And they announced themselves by saying, we're proud to announce that we've developed Power Dump, a proof of work ETH dump button, the prime venue for the Ethereum community to safely dump their ETH PAL, sunset the power chain faster, and save the environment without having to go via centralized exchange. So this is obviously a service that is trying to make it easy for you to dump your ETH PAL tokens if there is an Ethereum proof of work fork that happens without having to go through a centralized exchange. And they did tell about how this will work a bit more here. I think that this is, I mean, I don't know if this is part of the Cowswap community or Cowswap ecosystem, but they did post on the Cowswap forum. So I'm not entirely sure who's behind this. If you do know, be sure to message me in the Discord about it. But I figured it was worth highlighting for you guys just to go check for yourself. Honestly, my like whole, I guess, play for the proof of work fork is I'm not just not going to touch it. Like I don't really care enough to touch it. I honestly don't think it's going to be worth that much. There are competing forks as well. But you should definitely research it yourself if you want to, obviously, claim the airdrop and sell it or whatever. Do your own research. Don't rely on what I'm saying or what anyone else is saying. You just need to make an educated kind of a play at these sorts of stuff. But personally, I'm not going to be touching it. But I just figured I'd highlight this for you guys because I've known that some of you guys have been discussing this in the Discord channel and it's important to you. All right, so I came across this today. It was shared in the Discord channel actually. Something called Llama Nodes, which will launch in the coming weeks and will provide fast and secure access to the blockchain, the crypto way, crypto payments, Web3 sign-in, open source and privacy conscious. So I believe this is going to be a new RPC built by the DeFi Llama community here. So obviously, there are a bunch of RPCs out there today that you can use. The most famous ones are Infura and Alchemy, but there are a bunch of others. But notoriously, Infura and Alchemy have been the most reliable. The other ones not so much. So Llama Nodes here wants to spin up a public RPC that I think is going to be not censoring anything. It's going to be privacy conscious, as you can see here, and try to be as reliable as possible. So if you want to keep up to date with them, you can go follow their Twitter account and you can join their Discord channel and everything like that. But it's good to see more, I guess, options coming online for RPCs because until we get Lite clients, we're going to rely on these things. And once we get Lite clients, we still might even rely on them. It just depends how that upgrade is rolled out. But we're going to have to see how it all plays out here and how it all shakes out. But yeah, you can go give this a follow if you want to keep up to date with Llama Nodes. All right, so something I came across from the 0xpark project here, I guess like a Twitter account here, something called ETH-DOS. It's a fun social experiment uniquely enabled by recursive ZK snarks. All of these people share ETH-DOS, which is proving degrees of separation in social graphs like ERDOS numbers while hiding friendship edges. So from my understanding, this is using ZK magic to essentially allow a string of, I guess, like people to come together as part of the social graph without anyone knowing who kind of like invited anyone else and how people are connected to anyone else in that social graph. That's my understanding of it. And the way it works is that you get invited and then you invite someone else using their ANS name or their Ethereum address. It generates you a proof and then you share that with that person and they can invite someone else and so on and so forth, right? And you get to like these degrees of separation from Vitalik, who was, I guess, number zero or one in this. I got number six or five, I believe. I believe I was number five and I invited a sixth to it. So yeah, there's not that many people in it just yet, but I think it's a pretty cool experiment with using ZK technology here. And I'm always excited whenever I get to see things, new things that are using ZK technology because, you know, I've mentioned before that it's not just useful for scaling, guys. It's useful for privacy as well. And that's a big thing. I think, obviously, in the wake of the tornado cache sanctions, privacy is on the forefront of everyone's mind. ZK stuff enabled tornado cache. It works like we know it works because the US government decided to sanction code instead of just, I guess, like going after, I mean, they did this as well. They went after the developers as well, but they actually sanctioned the code because the code works, right? And it doesn't just work for privacy. It works for scaling as well. And we're really just scratching the surface of ZK stuff too. I mean, there are so many eyeballs on it now. So many people joining the ecosystem to work on ZK stuff that I think it's going to permeate all of crypto. And it's going to, like in 10 years, I reckon, it's going to take a while because it's still bleeding edge stuff. But I reckon in 10 years, a lot of crypto will be ZK-ified, so to speak. And we're going to be playing around with all sorts of tools that are all powered by ZK technology that make for a more scalable and private and just more functional ecosystem at the end of the day. Because I think with the scaling benefits, you can actually, from what I've seen with, I guess, like mature ZK proofs, you can do full-blown games with all the interactions that come with that on chain using ZK technology, and it's still relatively cheap to do it. And it's going to get cheaper over time with things like, you guys know that company that I backed, Ingo N'yama, who are building ZK ASICs, all that stuff's coming and all that stuff's going to make it cheaper to do this stuff, cheaper and faster to generate these proofs. And then we're just going to have such a vibrant ZK ecosystem. So, yeah, I mean, I would say go check this out, just go learn about it. I think I can invite more people to it. So if you want to be invited to it, I can. You just have to message me in the Discord channel about it. But cool to see more applications of ZK technology here. All right, so speaking of ZK technology and just scaling in general, this Twitter account that I've come across recently, Haim here, has been doing a lot of great threads around Ethereum lately, particularly around scaling. And they did one today about Ethereum scaling technology and how it has evolved over time. So as you can see here, we went from state channels to plasma to optimistic roll-ups to ZK roll-ups. And this is a guide, this is a thread with 15 tweets in it, which they say is a guide to the technologies that will scale Ethereum from 12 to 100,000 transactions per second at a lower cost than you pay today. So as you can see in this graphic, we had state channels, which are basically payment channels in lieu of something better. This is all we really had. It was in the spirit of the Lightning Network because the Lightning Network has obviously been around for a long time. And then Ethereum, people were like, oh, well, let's try and do this on Ethereum with state channels. State channels work, but they're very limited in what they can do, right? They're just payment channels. They can't do expressive smart contracts and things like that. Then came plasma to try and fix that issue. But there were so many different flavors of plasma and it ended up being unworkable in a practical sense. So from plasma came optimistic roll-ups. And actually, one of the lead, or I believe the lead team working on plasma, plasma group actually became optimism, which has been at the forefront of developing optimistic roll-ups. Obviously, there's off-chain labs building Albatrum as well. And then came zero-knowledge proofs or validity proofs, which are promising to be even better than optimistic roll-ups, right? And be even more scalable than optimistic roll-ups. This is the journey that has happened over the last, I would, I'm going to say since Ethereum went live, basically since 2015. It's been a long journey to get to zero-knowledge roll-ups. But I think that more and more people are agreeing that they are the holy grail of scaling at the end of the day. I think optimistic roll-ups are great. They're awesome. And as I've showed before, they can actually be upgraded relatively easily to a zero-knowledge roll-up by just using validity proofs instead of fraud proofs. And that's going to happen. Then you have all these other hybrid solutions that are coming out as well, such as Validium's, and something like an Albatrum Nova. These are all, I mean, they're not just coming out there live, right? That you can use them, you can go get value out of them. So we've come a long way from our state channels days. And this is why, you may see me make fun of the Lightning Network a lot. This is why I make fun of it. Because the Lightning Network, I mean, not only is it like state channel or payment channel infrastructure, so it's already limited by that. It's being built on Bitcoin as a base layer, which is extremely limiting. So I make fun of it because Ethereum moves past these technologies that just don't fit our needs, right? We saw state channels like, okay, they're cool, they do payments, whatever, but we need more than payments. Like Ethereum layer one is an expressive smart contract layer. We want to do that at layer two because we don't want to sacrifice decentralization and security on the base layer. So how do we scale? Obviously, sharding came into a two, but that's more of a layer one thing. And then we worked on Plasma, and then we worked on optimistic roll-ups and zero-knowledge roll-ups. And we got to the point where we're like, wow, we can actually do everything we can do on Ethereum layer one on a layer two for much cheaper, much faster and still inherit that security, which obviously is a massive benefit to the Ethereum scaling roadmap. But you haven't seen that with Bitcoin because they can't do anything else. All they can do is the Lightning Network. And as I said, it's extremely limited. Now, there have been some talk about Bitcoin being able to do ZK proofs and things like that. Like they can technically, but they're not really going to get much benefit out of that unless they add new opcodes to the Bitcoin base layer, which will require a hard fork. And even then, they would have to have a data layer. They would have to have execution. It's so limiting. And this is why, as a technologist, I just don't pay much attention to Bitcoin. I get the view on Bitcoin. I get the bullish case for Bitcoin. I just don't think it's that bullish. Like I really think that Ethereum is that Goldilocks zone between being decentralized and secure, not sacrificing that on the base layer, but also scaling and also having an expressive base layer to the point that we can actually do much better scaling at layer two because of that expressiveness on layer one. So I have my technical reasons for being bearish on Bitcoin. It's not just because I don't like the Bitcoin maximalists. I think Bitcoin is fine. And I understand the Bitcoin bull case. But in a world where Ethereum exists, Bitcoin looks like a pet rock at the end of the day. And it's not just from a value perspective. It's from a technology perspective. In my mind, but I don't want to rag on Bitcoin too much there. But I think this just very much shows where Ethereum diverged very like on the layer two front dramatically from Bitcoin. We didn't just stay with state channels. Could you imagine if we stayed with just state channels till today? Like I'd be so bearish on Ethereum if the only scaling solution we had was limited state channels. Like I would actually have moved on to something else, to be honest, because I can see that they're not something that is workable for Ethereum to scale. Like it doesn't work. We can't do smart contracts. We can't do super expressive stuff. You can't do the same thing you can do on layer one. Compare that today to the optimism and Arbitrum networks, which are EVM compatible slash equivalent and can basically do everything you can do on layer one Ethereum. Like that's what we want. That's exactly what we want. That's what developers want. That's what users want. At the end of the day, like users don't want to just be able to send money back and forth. They want to do DeFi. They want to do NFTs. They want to do DAOs. They want to do everything. They want to do web three, right? They want to do decentralized social media and other things like signing with Ethereum at scale and stuff like that. Right. So and digital identity and all that sorts of stuff. So like payment channels, state channels, they were just way too limiting. I'm glad we moved past that. But if we didn't, I would have definitely moved on long ago. That's for sure. But you can go give this whole thread a read. I'll link it in the YouTube description below for you to do so. All right. Speaking of scaling, Starkware announced Cairo version 1.0. Which is Cairo's biggest advancement today. Now, those of you who don't know, Cairo is the programming language that StarkNet uses. They don't use Solidity, but they also have a transpiler that I've talked about before called Warp that the Nethermind team is building where you can go from Solidity to Cairo. But a 1.0 release is a big deal, guys. Like, I don't know how many of you guys know how software development works, but essentially a 1.0 release is basically the release, right? Like, obviously, there's going to be other releases from here. But the fact that it's gone to 1.0 means that Cairo is in a very, very good place. So as I said here, Cairo 1.0 will enhance usability, safety, and convenience. And it will support StarkNet's permissionless network requirements and will simplify and secure the protocol. And you can go give this blog post a read. If you're a developer, you'll obviously get a lot of value out of this. But the tail of the hour is that this is the first major release following the introduction of Cairo two years ago. So as I say, guys, 1.0 is a big deal. And it really is a big deal for developers. So at the heart of Cairo is Sierra, which is an intermediary representation layer that promises greater long-term stability for Cairo programs. And Sierra advances Cairo to serve in a permissionless network. Protecting the network, it allows for more robust DOS protection, which is always going to be an issue at layer two when you have cheap fees. Is that like the spam issue, right? And the DOS kind of concerns. And then you have protecting the user, it allows Ethereum-grade censorship resistance, which is obviously a huge benefit, especially in a post-Tornado cash sanctions world. So very, very cool to see that Cairo 1.0 is out on StarkNet here. And if you're a developer, you should definitely go check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right. So just your friendly reminder that Bitcoin Grants is still ongoing. You can go donate. And there is that Discord channel in the Daily Grade Discord server called Public Goods, which has links to all of the different... Oh, sorry. No, it's not. It's not called Public Goods. I think it's called Gitcoin Grants, actually. If I go to... Yeah, yeah. It's called Gitcoin Grants. So go check out that channel. It's got all the grants that you would like to... That are interesting there. And there's also a lot more on the website that you can go check out for yourself and sort through and see which ones you want to actually pay attention to. So you can go to gitcoin.co slash grants to check that out. All right. Last up here, just a quick reminder. It was brought to my attention over the last couple of days that someone is in person. Someone is impersonating me on Telegram and having weird conversations with people. So please be aware of scammers, guys. My Telegram handle is the same as my Twitter handle, and I will never DM you randomly about anything. A good example of this is before in the Discord channel, someone wanted me to add them to that Ethdos list here. And then I did, but I had to add them as a friend to DM them. But before I did that, I messaged them on the Discord channel and said, hey... From my actual account, I said, hey, I added you as a friend, right? When I DM you first, I'm going to do that. I'm not going to just randomly DM you. And if you see, like, the scammers say weird things as well. Like, there's actually screenshots of what was said. So this is a screenshot here. Like, apparently it's my job to keep the interest going and to attract suckers to make whales earn. When do I ever talk like this? Like, using some common sense makes a lot of sense here, right? Like, and then someone says, but if you don't believe in it yourself, why are you doing it? And then the scammer says, I have to do it. I'm well paid for it. But in fact, I'm already sick of it. My task is to raise the price of Ethereum before the merge, because then there will be a price collapse. When have I ever talked about this? And it doesn't even make sense, right? So please be vigilant of this sort of stuff. And also, this scammer is a bit of a smart scammer, because the handle that they're using on Telegram is sassle0x with an uppercase I in place of that L. So an uppercase I looks the same as a lowercase L. So you can see, they look exactly the same, even though I actually used an uppercase I here when I first said it. So please be careful. Just because it says sassle0x doesn't mean it's actually me. And I actually will never DM you first on Telegram unless we have correspondence somewhere else, such as Twitter DMs from my actual account or Discord. And this is why I want Twitter to verify me, because there's so many scammers. I have so many impersonators all the time. So just be careful, guys, please, because I've said it before about leverage. Like the thing that makes me the saddest is when I've seen friends blow themselves up on leverage and be out of a position to enjoy, I guess, when Eth is going up or something like that and enjoy the Ethereum ecosystem more. But the second worst thing is losing your money to scammers. Or probably equivalently bad thing is losing your money to scammers and thinking that it was me. I'm never going to ask you for money ever. Like that, for starters, is the stupidest thing ever, because you guys know me. I don't ask for money of anyone. I'm never going to send you any random links. I'm never going to do anything like that. Just be very, very vigilant, because the reason why the scammers keep doing this is because it works. Like if it didn't work, they'd stop doing it. Right. And there's not just impersonators. There's also a lot of scammers underneath my posts all the time. And I'm sure you've seen them everywhere. So if you just scroll down a bit, you can see some of them. If you go to like show more replies, actually, no, they're actually gone here. This is weird. There's usually a lot of them. Some of these random ones here. But there's usually a lot of them that say like, you know, why is no one talking about this? Right. Or why the influencers ignoring this? And then link to some YouTube video. It's all scams. It's all bullshit. Just pay attention to that sort of stuff, guys, because it really is obviously scammy. And once you kind of like train your brain for it, you'll be able to spot it a lot better. I mean, obviously, I've been trained on it because they're always following my posts. They're always under my post. There's bots everywhere. It's so annoying. Like I'm sure you've seen the ones that have CZ, Binance's founders picture on them on the Twitter accounts. And they just like spam like the crap out of people. They actually spam the crap out of Elon Musk's tweets as well, because obviously, Elon tweets about crypto. So just be vigilant. Just be aware of these things. Just protect yourself and make sure that you don't ever interact with one of them that's impersonating me. Because as I said, I'm not going to message you first. I'm not going to DM you random links. I'm not going to ask you for money or anything like that. But I think on that note, I'm going to cut this one a little bit short for today. That's it. So thank you, everyone, for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel. And I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.