 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the daily grey refuel where we cap the latest news in the ethereum ecosystem I'm your host anthony sassano and today's the 29th of march 2022 All right, everyone, let's get into it. So i'm super pumped today and it's not just because of the eith price going up Which is of course awesome to see But i'm extremely pumped because today I visited the pools dot invisible cloud website that super fees shared here on twitter And you can see that the prism usage on the beacon chain is actually down to 61.9 percent It is lower than it was when I was kind of like talking to you guys about having having the super majority of 66 And this is a huge win guys. Like i'm pretty sure this website updates weekly. Um, and I think they're missing around 20 or 30 000 validators right now in their account, which is I guess like 10 percent But uh, you know, I don't think that's going to make a make much of a difference here to this prism usage percentage Absolutely awesome to see and I actually just eyeing it See, it seems to be coinbase's prism usage seems to be coming down I believe that was over 90 last time I checked this website now. It's at 85 And I think krakens have come down slightly as well But yeah, I mean guys this is a huge win right here The fact that prism is no longer the super majority on the network There's no client that has a super majority on the beacon chain And at this point in time is an absolute huge win for client diversity now As i've been saying to you guys Ideally, we want to get this kind of like below 60 percent in the in in the best case Or at least in the um, kind of like most pragmatic case below 50 If we can do that before the merge happens Ah, man I think super physics is going to throw himself a party because he's been one of the big champions of this But I think this is uh, absolutely awesome. Like i'm actually so happy about this. I saw this over the past I think I saw it either late last night or today and I was like, holy shit Like this is awesome. Now, obviously this is kind of like an estimation. It's not an exact science, but you know, it's it's pretty good It's um, I believe it's using uh, michael sprout's kind of um Script to do this and michael sprout it works at sigma prime who develops the lighthouse client and i've highlighted his threads before on the refuel but uh, but yeah, I was just really giddy about this because I I mean I explained to you guys what happened on the kiln testnet where uh prism had a Bug where they were producing invalid blocks and if that was to happen on main net and prism was to stop super majority It would it would basically result in a failed merge, right? So, you know, this is why we have the test nets and all that sort of stuff there But uh if this happens on main net now, uh, it won't lead to a kind of like failed merge because prism doesn't have a super Majority. Yes, they still account for a large part of the network and if this happened It might lead to a large-scale slashing event, which is just as bad But uh, essentially, you know getting off the kind of like majority client seems to be a priority for a lot of people now especially the exchanges, you know, I I I i'm waiting for the day that No centralized exchange or service provider has more than 50 percent prism usage That is probably a long way away still. I mean coinbase is still at 85 crackens at 93 But the fact that it's trending down is really good and you know at this point in time For every new validator that coinbase and crackens spin up They don't have to use the majority client anymore as i've said to you guys before the four I mean, there's five production ready clients, but the four main ones They're all pretty much as good as each other. There is no From what i've seen benefit to using the super majority over one of the others And there's actually like a lot of negatives as i've explained before to you guys So this got me super giddy today and you know The the the the fact that it's happened on on the day when the eighth price is doing really well is just the bonus there But I spoke about the market yesterday, so i'm not going to rehash that That today but yeah I'm curious to see if this keeps coming down and like at what rate it comes down at I think it will because as I said I think at this point in time the exchanges have heard about this sort of stuff now And they're probably not going to be spinning up prism or at least the majority clients for the foreseeable future They'll spin up another client whenever they get to the point where they have to kind of spin out more clients and I think a lot of individuals as well are using other clients, but But yeah, we're gonna have to see how it plays out going forward as usual rocket pool is doing amazing work here Only, you know under 10 percent prism usage, which is awesome with 3,000 validators. They're growing quite nicely Lido is the other kind of like um, leading staking pool, I guess you could say but they're not you know Decentralized like rocker pool is but they're doing quite well as well like they still have 40 percent prism usage But that's under the 50 threshold which is yeah, I mean in the most pragmatic kind of like sense. I think that One of the clients having 50 percent is probably going to persist for a while Just it's just the way it is guys like honestly I think that It's never gonna be like an even 25 split between the four client or 20 split between the five clients That's just not how these things work. So as I said before if we have 50 percent prism, you know And then kind of like 30 percent lighthouse and 10 percent take you and 10 percent nimbus And maybe you know, or maybe there's a little bit of a couple percent of load start then that is just as good as having In my eyes 25 25 25 25 because we're never going to get to that like we have to think about what's practical Rather than what's ideal and we can keep pushing don't get me wrong. We can keep pushing for that We keep seeing how we how we can get to that But I don't think that we're going to get to that kind of like ideal world I think we can get to the pragmatic world where prism or and no one client accounts for more than 50 percent And it's awesome so far that we're actually doing much better than the execution layer side which still needs client diversity mind you but last time I checked geth accounts for I think 80 percent or something like that of the Let me have a look here of the of the clients. I'm just loading up ether nodes.org here on my other screen So geth is currently 83 of the network. So yeah, that's uh, that's obviously not ideal as well there But it is less of a concern for the execution layer than it is for the consensus layer because there aren't any direct penalties Uh, you know, there's no slashing obviously In mining and on the execution layer side. I mean post merge is going to be a different kind of like calculus there So, you know, I would encourage a lot of people to run the non-majority clients on either side if you're a solo staker You're obviously going to be running both the execution client and consensus client so an ideal setup would be you know, Something like lighthouse and a nether mind for example, right rather than prism and geth, right? But yeah totally up to you what one you want to go with and you can mix and match and all those sorts of things As I said like the clients are just as good as each other. There is no real benefit to going At the majority over over the other things. There's actually a lot of negatives that come with it there All right. Actually i've got something here. I want to talk about a bit later because there's a couple other ethereum related things I want to talk about first. So I put out this tweet today where I said uh ethereum having a seven year long proof of work distribution phase before switching to proof of stake is something that not a lot of People think about but it is critically important for ethereum's future. I wrote today's newsletter about this So if you want to kind of go read that um, I'm going to go ahead and read that For a little bit more detail you can but i'll give a kind of like tl dr on the refill. So Ethereum genesis happened july 30th 2015. It has been a proof of work network since then It has been producing blocks every you know, I guess like 15 or so seconds today It's like 13 and and I guess like block times have varied over the years due to the difficulty bomb as well And every time a block has been produced there's been an eith block reward attached to that it started out of five eith per block Then it was three eith per block currently it's two eith per block Then it was three eith per block currently it's two eith per block and after the merge it's going to drop dramatically Um, i'm not sure exactly what it is on the on the per block basis right now I should know this but it's going to drop like, you know The 80 to 90 triple halving that we're talking about here Now because of this and because ethereum is currently a proof of work, uh network It's lead to a real led to a really great distribution for eith as an asset. So I'm going to give you an example of uh of ethereum and how this how this has worked with ethereum And an example from a network that starts as proof of stake from day one And why I think ethereum's long proof of work distribution phase has been so beneficial so Minus they have costs right? They have plenty of costs. They have electricity. They have hardware. They have maintenance. They have personnel They have to rent out space. They've got costs coming out of everywhere to cover those costs They have to sell some of the eith that they mine or btc or whatever else they're mining, right? They have to sell the asset that they're mining to cover those costs. Those are basically costs that are unavoidable, right? There is no way for them to basically say no i'm not going to pay my electricity bill Because then they wouldn't be getting electricity and they get cut off right and then they lose out completely there So in doing that they're starting to get into the open market It's going to either long-term investors or speculators and it's going through the kind of like motions of a market cycle Um and speaking of market cycles as well that has also played a big part in uh in e's distribution over the years because I mean e's price has gone nuts over the years right like not not just from When it from ico to today, but also the volatility so it started off from the ico at 30 cents, right? We all wish we could bought e for 30 cents, but you know, it was at 30 cents then I believe For a while there went to like five dollars in uh when it launched in 2015 or something like that And then uh in 2016 during the day out went up to like 25 dollars and then it came back down to I think it was six or seven dollars something like that Then obviously 2017 it went all the way up to I guess 1400 14 20 Uh, then it came to down to 80 then back up to 4400 And then down to 1700 then to 4900 then down to like, you know, low 2000s And now back up to 3400 And this isn't counting all the extreme wild volatility that has happened over those years now During all that the eath has been moving around it's being distributed to different parties It's going from short-term speculators to long-term investors It's going from people kind of like capitulating to people who have stronger hands all these sorts of things, right? So that's worked. Uh, you know to to distribute eath as well but the proof of work phase has just kind of like compounded that because of the fact that The the miners are just kind of a constantly selling eath, right? They're not hoarding it. They're hoarding their profits Don't get me wrong, especially as we're approaching proof of stake a lot of the mistake is But they're not able to hoard it all because they have to pay to to cover their costs. So I think that has been extremely beneficial. It has made ethereum, um, you know going into proof of stake a more equitable and distributed network It's going to make it a more decentralized network and also it has bred a better social layer in my opinion Now let's take the flip side Let's look at a network that launches as proof of stake from day one A lot of these layer one networks have very heavy insider distribution Some of them are so bad that they have a very small public allocation Now because they're proof of stake from day one what ends up happening is that these insiders are literally staking from day one Uh, it's not even even before their tokens unlocked even before their tokens are vested there. It's in staking a lot of the time So they're earning rewards and they're probably selling those rewards, you know, they have to sell for tax purposes Obviously prove obviously stakers don't have much of a cost. It depends on the network I mean not all proof of stake is credit equal something like a Solana proof of stake Which is like a delegated version where that has like beefy hardware There's obviously a much more cost involved there but something like an ethereum proof of stake It's very different because the hardware costs are very minimal. It's uh, you know, it's very cheap to run So really the only time you're gonna be selling ethers to cover taxes at the end of the day. So, uh, Those are kind of those are the kind of like little differences there But you know you have these insiders who don't distribute this at all Like the early buyers are just going to perpetually stake. Why would they sell their stake? They're just gonna they can just sell the rewards It's all well and good Maybe they sell some of it to return some money As part of their fund right if they're a vc or a fund to their investors things like that But they usually have such a large chunk of the supply that they're earning a lot of rewards from these networks and especially during bull markets where these networks Kind of go up spectacularly in value those rewards can become very very lucrative from there. So there's no distribution phase There's no proof of work distribution phase The only distribution that happens is the selling of the rewards really and the I guess I guess It calling it a pre-mine is accurate. The pre-mine is never distributed. Whereas well, it's it I mean not to say never distributed but it's not distributed in the same way ethereum's quote unquote pre-mine was because When you think about it the ethereum ico was a pre-mine right but I would be you'd be hard pressed to find many people that Are still holding their eth tokens from the ico like and it's not even just about people It's about kind of like the percent of eth that hasn't actually changed hands since ico It's a very very small percentage and there's actually um on chain data that you can look for this and last time I checked You know you would have to look at eth that hasn't been the only way you could really do it is looking at eth hasn't Been moved in a certain amount of time and I think the amount of eth that hasn't been moved in five years or more is maybe 5 percent or something like that So it's a really small portion of the supply that hasn't moved But that's not to say that all the supply that is moved is being sold But really I mean anyone who's held eth from 30 cents to now without selling anything You know from ico to now without selling any of it was already rich to begin with those are the only people who wouldn't sell eth At least a bit of it in my eyes because that's life-changing money for anyone even if you put in a thousand dollars That's that's millions of dollars just from the ico so I think when you think about it like that and you think about all the market cycles and volatility and you think about the proof Of work distribution on top of that with the miners having to sell ethereum is going into the proof of stake Merge, very very strongly. It's not going to be a Insider kind of like dominated there's not going to be massive vcs or funds Staking kind of like their eth and things like that a lot of it is simply individuals and yes There's exchanges that have large eth stakes, but those exchanges are not it's not belonging to that exchange themselves Like it's not coinbase. It's not like coinbase is staking You know all this eth it's their customers doing that. Yes, they control the validators But it's still their customers eth at the end of the day those customers will either choose to sell that eth when it goes up Sell the rewards or they'll either sell the ethereum or unstake and just keep it in cold storage if they want to or you know, do whatever else with it. So I think not a lot of people talk about this But as I said, it is critically important for ethereum's future because i'd be much less bullish on ethereum if it started off as a proof of stake network because Of the fact that it would be heavily insider dominated And it wouldn't be that great and you know, even vatali for example He hasn't staked much of his eath I think because of the fact that he doesn't want to kind of like You know from his public address he has one people saying that he's like a large chunk of the network or anything like that But he has about 300 000 eth and even if he staked that you know if he staked 300 000 eth today He would get about a thousand validators or something like that, right? That is not a large chunk of the network That's not even one percent of the network. I believe if i'm doing the math correctly It would be around 0.3 of the network and now vatali I don't believe is the largest largest eath holder I think the largest single eath holder would probably be joe luban or whatever The billion dollar funds but the funds always are like trading in and out of it. So i'm not sure there But I would say that joe luban is probably still the biggest eath holder out there and look There could be worse eath holders, right? He's not a vc. He's not a fund. He's actually building a company that's um, That's trying to kind of grow ethereum so I think there could be worse people than that but I mean joe luban was also forced to sell a lot of his eath to cover cost of consensus, too So he distributed his eath out into the wild as well And I don't think he has anywhere near the amount of eath that he had from from the ico anymore um, but he did still be one of the largest holders of course, but yeah, as I said like the the the the power distribution phase and Coupled with especially coupled with the market cycles has really done wonders for eath distribution And it's going to make us go into the proof of stake merger a lot stronger there All right. So speaking about the merge trent van neps has another killer thread about it With which is kind of like starting off by saying ongoing thread for ethereum merge info so you can see here Some of the things like unburnt fees going to uh, I guess block producers producers or stakers post merge It links to the eips for withdrawals Post merge, you know blocks being 12 seconds into 13 seconds blah blah blah not going to read it all out for you But go check out this thread. It's got a bunch of more information about the merge which is obviously the biggest thing happening In crypto right now. I mean, it's the biggest thing happening crypto this year. I actually think in 2021 Besides nfts eip1559 Was the biggest thing that happened in crypto in terms of kind of like the impact that it had across the board I think the merge is is that for 2022 coupled with the layer 2 stuff, you know layer 2 stuff is still trotting along guys Like all the kind of metrics are going up for layer twos right now and they still don't have tokens like I'm kind of in two minds about them having tokens or not like right if they were to drop a token right now It would actually be like Pretty good for valuations and things like that But how good it would be for distribution and and kind of like getting people bored into the ecosystem That's another question altogether but I think that uh The longer they go without dropping a token and the more natural growth that they have the better it is Especially because they're going to be able to airdrop these tokens to a wider set of people as well because more people use these tokens I don't know like i'm just like i'm very happy with where layer twos are today. That's for sure Um, and on top of that i'm obviously very happy on the progress being made with the merge all the stuff going on there Which i've covered a million times on the refill i'm not gonna i'm not gonna go through that all here Uh, but yeah, definitely check out this thread i'll link in the youtube description for you because uh, trent, you know puts together these things He's very very good at getting his point across and I recommend giving it a read All right, something that's not directly ethereum Related, uh, but that jake shavinsky shared today on twitter, uh, and he said on twitter the sec Just proposed a rule that would expand the different definition of regulated dealers to include people who employ passive market making strategies That have the effect of providing liquidity to others. It's 200 pages, but doesn't say defy even once now Obviously this is defy right? I mean employ passive market making strategies to uh, To the effect of providing liquidity to others And employ passive market making strategies to uh to the effect of providing liquidity is literally what you do with uniswap and amms And things like that. So it does they don't have they don't have to say defi It obviously is targeting defi here and there's just 200 pages I'm not going to read this at all. Like you guys know my opinion on the sec I don't respect them. I don't think anyone respects them I think it is a joke of a regulatory body and I think that Uh until they have a better chair at the head of them because gary gensler is a complete joke Uh, I don't think they're gonna get the respect that that they want here. So This is obviously just a proposal It hasn't gone through I don't know if it's going to even go through these things kind of like come to the table all the time But this is obviously not a great proposal it is I mean, it's more of the same as we've seen from the sec They seem to be just kind of like clamping down on whatever they can honestly, you know the the kind of like, um, Uh, what's the word i'm looking for the cynicism within me thinks that I don't know. I don't know if it's gary gensler or others within the sec They're just kind of like in the pockets of someone like surely they can't look at all this stuff happening all this innovation happening On their shores as well And be thinking to themselves. Oh, it's a really good idea to go after legitimate companies in crypto such as unisop labs Instead of all the bloody scammers like i've i've ranted on about this so many times i'm not going to go on about it again But they are a joke of an organization joke of a regulatory body. I don't respect them I'm sure you guys don't respect them either they haven't done anything to protect any investment In my eyes all they've really done is kind of like find a couple of things and put out bullshit upon bullshit I just really hasn't done any good for anyone. I'm not gonna rant but um, but yeah Uh, you can check out this if you want this 200 page proposal Which i'm sure you're not going to check out because it's just total crap and a lot of lawyers speak and all that sort of stuff But yeah, I just wanted to kind of like highlight this i'll keep tabs on it I'll let you guys know if this dot if this move it makes any movements anywhere. I highly doubt it will like I actually don't think that There's going to be any kind of like thing that comes out of this but it's always good to keep tabs on this sort of stuff All right, we have a fresh new thread from bar tech today diving into what uh optimism's cool data compression actually means and how it all Works, this is a technical deep dive. It's a thread go check it out I actually learned a lot from from this. I mean, it's not a long thread, but I actually learned a lot myself as well Which is really cool to see I think um The uh, the thing that Bartik wanted to highlight here is that uh right now i'm not going to be able to Uh right now you're basically trusting the centralized sequence other optimism has To do this correctly and to basically post what they're what they're saying They're posting to layer one ethereum correctly here But you can use the script that they provide to decompress the data for yourself that gets posted to layer one In order to kind of like verify the information but uh until the new fraud system is in place which is called canon Uh, you know, it's not going to be done in a very trustless or decentralized way But you guys know that we all know that we all know the training rules are still on We all know these things are still early days. Um, and that's all well and good there But definitely check out this thread from Bartik for a deeper technical dive on on kind of like optimisms call data compression Which I covered last week on the refuel. Uh, it's a really really great little uh deep dive here So speaking of deep dives argent posted a blog post today titled wtf is a account abstraction now I think i've covered account abstraction before but basically, uh, I guess like the tldr is that it What it does is there's two different types of accounts in um in ethereum as you can see here stipulated in a blog post Externally owned accounts and contract accounts now Externally owned accounts is basically just a regular ethereum address that you and I have a contract account is as it's self-explanatory a smart contract Account basically. So for example a smart contract wallet as a multi-sig would be a smart contract account It would not be an externally owned account now externally owned accounts control smart contract accounts They interact with them and you know, uh, I mean Smart contract accounts and maybe a misnomer there but smart contracts basically on ethereum is just a different account type now this leads to a few different kind of things that That are kind of like a little a pain point and that's why people have been wanting to do account abstraction To do it on layer one ethereum, uh, it's been wanting to be done for a while now But I think it took a backseat to things like the merge I'm, not sure how feasible it is to do it or how desirable it is to do it on layer one ethereum But on layer two, it can be done very very easily because as I said to you guys layer two operators have much more control Over their system than they would on layer one obviously because layer one is decentralized and layer twos are still very centralized But uh, but yeah, so this blog post gives you kind of like a full breakdown of what it is I'm not going to try explaining it on the refill because I want you to read the post as it's it's a better explainer That I could give you um, but yeah, it's also I don't think it's too technical I think it's high level here. But but yeah go give this post a try Go give this post a read. I'll link you in the youtube description below All right, so polygon is teasing something new today again about privacy So they say here privacy takes a center stage and I think they're announcing this today, I believe Um, they may have already announced it. No, they haven't announced it yet So I believe they're announcing this today and i'm just recording the refill too early So i'll probably cover this in tomorrow's refuel But uh, yeah, keep an eye on polygons twitter accounts, uh and all their channels to see what they're kind of like doing with this Uh, this is really cool. I mean polygon already has nightfall which is kind of like a hybrid I guess like Privacy roll-up sort of thing going on there. They have a lot of the zk stuff that they're doing I'm, very curious to see if this is going to be it seems like it's going to be another solution That's kind of like separate to all of that, uh, which is going to be cool So we'll see we'll see what kind of like happens there. I'll keep you guys updated on this I'm sure you're going to see it before I cover it on tomorrow's refill Uh, but yeah, just keep an eye on on polygons twitter account there today All right, so nifty chat has announced that they they have raised a 1 million dollar funding round led by archetype of uh venture uh vc fund here with participation from a bunch of angels myself included so disclosure there So basically what is nifty chat? It's a web free chat platform as i've been covering a lot of these recently there was orbis And then there was the etherscan chat which wasn't exactly decentralized web 3 chat But you know these things are making more and more waves within crypto Especially things like decentralized social media and we we now kind of like have better and better tools to build this sort of stuff So you can go to nifty chat here. You can see i'm already logged in with sassle.eth on my screen here And you can see there's different channels. I mean it looks very similar to discord, right? You can see basically the the chat pane here with a bunch of channels on the left and you've got different servers here So i'm currently in the nifty chat server and the ens server and there's a bunch of useful information around here Such as how many people are in here the gas price, uh, uh, things like that Things like who's online and stuff like that and how many people have said gm Now the reason why I think this is really cool And the reason why I backed it was because i'm really bullish on decentralized chat applications because at the end of the day There is a lot of chat applications out there today, but none of them are decentralized from from what I from what I can tell There are some that do end-to-end encrypted messaging like signal for example Uh telegram is very popular, but still they're not very decentralized. They're not um Web3 native and that means they can't integrate with web 3 native features So for example, you have to use kind of like third-party tools to do things like nft gating of channels Whereas with nifty chat you don't have to do that. It is a direct web 3 platform And it can just read your ethereum address and basically the state of your ethereum address or account and basically say, okay Well, you have this nft you're allowed into this channel. Okay, you don't have this nft anymore Well, you are not allowed in this channel all in a decentralized way right guys because it's done on the ethereum blockchain So I just really love the idea behind this I'm really thrilled to be a supporter of them really excited to see where they go with this and kind of like You know what the adoption cycle looks like for this. I still think overall some of this stuff may be too early Um, but at the same time I think it's less early than what it was. I think The next few years, uh, I definitely think as we scale more and as more of this infrastructure comes into play we're going to see more of these decentralized social media platforms come into play and I think Having a chat app is is at the forefront of that because building a decentralized social media platform is much more complex Um from a from a you know, various different kind of like angles then building a decentralized chat application But in my mind, they're two distinctly separate things. Um, and the chat application is just as important So very excited for this definitely log into this and check it out I mean all you have to do to log in is sign in with ethereum You just sign in with metamask or one of the other wallet providers that they have And you can get started straight away in all the channels like lounge whales suggestions and support. I mean The cool thing is you could have a channel here that says okay Well, I mean going off the whale theme only uh show this channel to people who have a certain number of tokens And those will be the whales of your protocol They obviously have a lot of skin in the game and they can have their own little private whale chat going on there All in a decentralized way by the way guys like that. No one needs to manage this It's all read by um reading the state of the of the of the account. So, um, those native integrations I think are going to be very important going forward. So i'm very much looking forward to that But definitely go check this out. I'll link it in the youtube description All right. Finally here. Just got a quick shout out that zappa is currently hiring for a bunch of different people So they're hiring for an android developer a product designer and a brand strategist But if your experience doesn't fit the above roles, you can dm seb from zappa Anyway, um, if you're good you're good as he says goes back to what I was saying before guys It doesn't matter if you can't find an exact role to fit your skill set when looking on these Crypto jobs websites or looking on on, you know, really anywhere and job boards things like that Literally, you can actually jump into a discord channel these days and make a role for yourself If you're filling in a role that that a project needs or if you're filling in a niche that a project needs You know, if you do good enough work, they're probably just going to hire you anyway And even if it is a casual part-time basis, they're usually going to pay you in tokens as well So if the project's doing really well and you hold them to the tokens You can have lots of upside in that from just kind of like creating a role for yourself So if you don't fit any of these roles, you're definitely dm seb. I mean working for zappa honestly I mean you guys know i'm an investor in zappa. I've been a user on lover of zappa for a very long time Uh, they've got a kick-ass team there. So it's probably one of the best teams to work for in the crypto ecosystem So if you do fill those skill sets definitely go definitely dm seb But even if you don't kind of like d him him anyway Anyway, if you think you can fit in anywhere else, uh there but I think on that note That's going to be it for today So thank you everyone for listening and watching be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet Give the video a thumbs up subscribe to the newsletter join the disco channel, and i'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone