 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Tien This is Hano and today is the 4th of May 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So Sajji Z from the Hyperledger Besu team today published a new kind of, I guess, Notion site called Testing the Merge, which is a merge testing leaderboard. So if you head over to this site here on Notion, I don't think it requires an account to kind of like view this, but you can kind of like see here and see everything there is going on with the merge testing. Now I've spoken about this a lot in the past, like how testing is obviously really critical to the merge and to getting it done as quickly as possible. And there's a lot of testing going on right now. It's pretty much in those kind of like final stages, right? Because I mean, the specs done, the client implementations are pretty much done. They're just kind of like being tested in order to essentially make sure that it all works and we don't have like critical bugs and all that sorts of stuff. So that's kind of like what's been going on the past few months. And this is kind of like this new dashboard is basically documenting that with a bunch of different resources, tweets, all that sorts of stuff here. So you can see the merge testing leaderboard on the, I guess like top of the page here, where you've got different kind of like operators within the ecosystem, such as Lido, Rocker Pool, Uniswap, et cetera, et cetera. What category they fall into, you know, if they're actively testing, what they kind of like, it was tested and with links to tweets and all that sort of stuff there. So if you're interested in following along even closer with the merge, with testing around the merge, definitely check out this leaderboard. It's a really great resource and yeah, I'll link it in the YouTube description for you to do so. All right, so Jasper, I guess like I should call Jasper maybe like a Rocket Pool mega fan shared today, a GitHub kind of like a pool request that proposes a consensus change to the beacon change that could reduce Rocket Pool's collateral requirement by multiples, potential for single-sided RPL staking and native customizable staking as a service layer so that anyone can scale an operation. Now, I guess in plain English, I think, you know, what I take away from this is that, oh, I guess like let's take a step back. Let's put some context around this. Rocket Pool has, I think suffered, their growth has suffered mostly from the fact that they're limited by how much kind of like R ETH that they can mint because of the fact that they have to have that 16 ETH kind of like minimum collateral requirement. Now, I think they want to bring this down to 4 ETH or something like that so that they can obviously be a lot more capital efficient and mint a lot more R ETH so that a lot more stakers can get involved, a lot more people can get involved within Rocket Pool. And I think because of this, because of this limitation, a lot of people have actually gone to something like LIDAR and that's actually made LIDAR kind of a little bit of a centralizing force within the ecosystem right now. And I spoke about them on the two-hour marathon episode I did on Monday, so I'm not going to rehash that there. But if this change was to kind of like be implemented, it would really help Rocket Pool out. But you can read kind of like here, I'll link this in the YouTube description, you can read the full kind of breakdown and you can read replies from various different people in the Ethereum ecosystem. It only got posted, I think, yesterday or just kind of like earlier today. So there isn't much discussion going on now, but there's also links to previous discussions around this and stuff like that. So definitely check this out for, I guess, kind of like a read on this and what's happening in this kind of like world here. But I think, you know, I guess like I wanted to add a little bit of my thoughts around not just kind of like these changes, but just pulled staking in general and kind of like how it's a bit unfortunate that kind of like Rocket Pool, they worked for so long to get to the point that they're at today and then they're still limited by, you know, by that kind of like 16 ETH limitation there, whereas something like LIDAR isn't. But this goes back to my previous points and I brought this up a lot about decentralization, like actual decentralization being really, really hard. Like you could solve, as I've said before, you could solve every single issue in this ecosystem by just centralizing it. But obviously that defeats the whole purpose. And doing things in a decentralized way doesn't always get rewarded. Like obviously LIDAR is not a decentralized staking protocol, at least not as it exists today. But the thing is, because of that, they're able to scale up a lot faster and they've been able to capture a huge part of the kind of, I guess, staking market. Now, that's not to say that it's always going to be like that. That's not to say that Rocket Pool can't keep scaling up and can't keep succeeding. I think they can, but due to these kind of like hard limitations that they have, things need to change, you know, on kind of like the protocol layer, which just makes it harder because that's a slower moving layer than something else. So I don't want Rocket Pool to centralize to fix these things. I would prefer Rocket Pool to say decentralized, but it usually takes longer for the decentralized kind of like option to, I guess, grow or win out, especially when they have kind of like these limitations on them. Now, I wouldn't consider that like a bearish thing. It's just kind of like a design decision at the end of the day or a design choice, I should say, at the end of the day. And it's just kind of like the way it is. Now, I do wish that we had kind of like more competition or more players in this ecosystem than just Lido and Rocket Pool right now. There are others that I know of out there, such as like Stakewise and Swell and things like that, but they're either not live yet, live unlimited capacity, so just fail to gain traction. And I think that it's kind of bizarre to me that this has kind of like happened because the staking, I guess like the liquid staking or the pool staking opportunity in Ethereum is absolutely massive. And as I said before, I think that we may see a reshuffling post withdrawals and we're going to see how kind of like people kind of, you know, maybe some people will shuffle out of being a solo staker and they'll go be a pool staker, or maybe some people who will have will shuffle out of being pool stakers and kind of go to solo stakers. I'm not sure how that's going to all play out, but I think that it's going to be interesting. And until then, it's, I don't know, like I'm looking at the validator queue right now and like there's over 18,000 validators in that queue. That makes me really happy because it means that more ETH is being staked, the network is becoming more secure. But then I look at where that ETH is actually coming from and just from eyeballing it, it seems like 90 plus percent of that ETH is going into Lido and that's not healthy guys. Like it's not a good thing that 90% of the, or whatever percentage it is, it's a really high percentage is going into one staking service provider. Now don't get me wrong. It's better than it going to a centralized exchange because at least Lido has, I think almost 30 staking operators that they're kind of like using right now. So it's not just going into one central place. And I don't believe that the Lido protocol itself can control the, the ETH at stake or the validators or anything like that. I remember reading something about that. You guys can correct me if I'm wrong there, but still we would like it to be like what it's like with client diversity, right? Distributed. We don't want just one kind of like service being, I guess, you know, a high percentage of the network or anything like that. And I think that it won't be long-term, but in the short term, it's kind of hard to tell. I think in the short term, Lido has been able to attract so much kind of like capital because of that liquidity beginning liquidity phenomenon that I spoke about the other day, where ST is just becoming so liquid. So whales are very comfortable staking their ETH with Lido because they're able to enter an exit at will with the ST token, right. In one of these liquidity pools. But in saying that our ETH has decent liquidity as well. But, but as I said, the problem is, is that not enough, our ETH can be, can be minted because of that kind of like a minimum 16 ETH required to spin up these nodes and things like that. So hopefully this proposal can, can help Rockerpool out and help change that. Not sure on the timeline here of when this will be implemented, but, but yeah, cool to see this. I think it's, it's, it's kind of like a great idea. I think that anything we can do to help Rockerpool continue to grow and not be limited by these kind of like hard design limit kind of like choices that have been put in place. I think the better it will be for the entire ecosystem. All right. So Hop Protocol has basically announced their token today. They published a blog post called Building Bridges. And at the end of this blog post, they basically said, we're excited to announce that we'll be decentralizing hops governance and turning it over to the community to guide the future of hop. Stay tuned details to follow this week. So that to me is an obvious token announcement. If you have used Hop Protocol in the past, maybe you'll be getting an airdrop soon. I'm not sure, but I spoken about Hop plenty of times on the refill. So, you know, if you haven't farmed the airdrop at this point, then maybe you won't get it. I don't know. I don't know what the airdrop criteria is going to look like. Maybe it looks more like optimisms than a typical airdrop. Who knows? But yeah, this is just another protocol that is looking to decentralize, looking to kind of like, I guess, create a DAO, hand ownership over to the community, all that good stuff. And, you know, outside of that, Hop Protocol has actually been growing quite well without, I guess, like a token, right? So since they said here, since last summer, hop is going to $130 million in TVL and $2 billion in cumulative volume for the kind of like assets that they support. So they don't support every asset. They just only support a handful of assets, but they've been growing quite nicely and have a pretty big community as well from what I've seen. So cool to see them, I guess, like officially announce. I mean, in so many words that they're going to have a token, they haven't explicitly said that they're having a token, but I mean, this is obvious that they're going to. Optimism did the same thing where they basically kept teasing, oh, you know, we're basically decentralizing the protocol. We're kind of like, you know, going into the next step of optimism. And that's exactly what Hop is kind of like saying here. So expect the token announcement later in this week, I would assume maybe on the weekend, we'll see. Obviously I'll cover it on the review when that happens, but yeah, no further details at this point about what distribution is going to look like, what an AirDrop is going to look like now, that sorts of stuff there, but I'll keep an eye on it and keep you guys up to date. All right. So speaking of optimism today, they announced their first, I guess, Op stim pack, which is activating a pool of 230 million Op tokens to incentivize project growth on optimism. This is basically optimism's liquidity mining program for their layer two, which we all expected would come. Now this is actually quite a large, I guess like, stimulus pack, if you want to call it that are quite a large liquidity incentive, because if you take the Op token and you kind of like extrapolate how much it's going to be worth when it hits the market, let's say it's worth a dollar when it hits the market, that's $230 million of incentives instantly, right? Let's say it's $2, $560 million. I don't think it's far fetched to say it would even go up to, you know, something like $5, at least in the short term, based on, I guess like, the craziness of the markets and things like that, because that wouldn't give it a, you know, a too high of a market cap. I don't even think at $5, it would have a $10 billion market cap on a fully diluted basis yet. So imagine if it gets to $5, that's almost a billion dollars in incentives that they're able to kind of like hand out here, which is very, very cool. So very happy to see this from an optimism announced so soon as well. But I think what is really cool is kind of, I guess, how this is going to all be managed. So this is going to be managed by the token house, of course, and then it's actually going to be managing different phases. So roll out will occur in two parts, phase zero and phase one, phase zero starts now and runs for three weeks and it rewards early movers and optimism who have demonstrated traction via on-chain criteria. So you can see the eligible projects here and what criteria they're going to be judged based on. So there's different tiers. Tier one is if the project has $100 million of TVL and 10,000 transactions per day on a 30 day average, then they're eligible to claim 3 million OP tokens. And then there's a tier two and tier three there as well. And then phase one is going to be open to any project that aligns with the optimistic vision and can then demonstrate a clear path for using the OP token to incentivize future project growth and optimism to the token house. And phase one begins after airdrop one, which is still slated for Q2 of this year. I thought this was cool. I thought the name was cool as well, Stimpak. I really liked that name, but yeah, I mean, we've all kind of like been talking about this for a while now. I talked about it a lot on the refill about how these layer twos do need token incentives in order to just bootstrap that initial growth. And I think they've grown quite nicely without them, but yeah, I mean, it's going to be crazy to see how fast they grow with, with the token now, especially with kind of projects fighting for tokens for, I guess their own projects in order to incentivize growth, it's going to lead to a really nice flywheel. And as I discussed the other day, a nicer flywheel is going to be that public goods funding. That's going to come from this because all of the, I guess, profits that are going to the centralized sequence of that optimism runs right now is going to be funded through the retroactive public goods, which means more money's going towards kind of like public goods funding from this. So they're not just giving out tokens for the sake of it, also just bootstrap growth. They're also going to be bootstrapping or at least kind of like starting that flywheel of kind of like public goods funding, which is really, really cool. So if you want to read more details about this, there's a blog post here titled a summer of optimism, where you can read everything about this stim pack. I'll link it in the YouTube description below for you to do so. And just before I move on from the optimism stuff, MJS here from Lyra has kind of like put together a proposal for Lyra to kind of like get OP tokens. Now I've spoken about Lyra plenty of times on the refill before they're building an options protocol on optimism, native options protocol as part of the synthetics ecosystem. So now they've kind of like put forward a proposal in order to get some OP tokens to continue their growth here. So, you know, very, very cool. If you're into Lyra, if you're into options, if you want to check out their kind of like proposal, I'll link it in the YouTube description for you to do so. All right. So ENS today announced the official ENS constitution book. The constitution book is a beautiful artifact that represents the founding of the ENS Dow. So there are going to be three different versions of this book, a digital edition, a print edition, and a no expense spared limited numbered edition. You can get yours right now at constitution.ens.domains. The digital edition is unlimited. I think the print edition is also going to be unlimited to a certain kind of like time where people can just kind of like order this book and get it. And then the no expense spared limited numbered edition, I think there's only 50 of them and only 25 of them are up for grabs via some auction. So you can see here what this book is going to look like. So it's going to have a bunch of ENS names in it for people who signed the ENS constitution. There's also going to be a kind of like people who had an avatar set for their ENS name will be featured in this book in a fully colored way, which is very, very cool. And, you know, if you'd like a physical copy, as I said, you can order them today and they are printed on demand as well. It's not cheap, I believe, but I think the price, I mean, I can't remember what it was without shipping, but it's over a hundred dollars USD, but I think it's well worth it. I mean, as you can tell, I've already ordered my book here and I also put a bid on one of these super limited ones, but the criteria for these is that, I think, let me have a look here. The criteria I read somewhere here. So bidding on it is limited to qualify. You must have voted on the constitution and the person you delegated your votes to must have voted on at least half of all votes. If not, you'll have to buy a token off someone who did. So I did place my own bid on this, but I haven't gotten a book token yet. So I'm still trying to figure out how that works. Maybe I'm just missing something here. Maybe I'm dumb, but I did place my bid on it, but because I really do want to get one of those, but I did buy my unlimited edition anyway, just in case I didn't get one. But yeah, so the super limited edition is going to be, you know, embossed and printed slip case with foil to leatherette cover, painted page edges, all the fancy stuff there. So I really do want that. I mean, I love collecting these things. You guys know I'm a big collector of certain things, but anyway, if you want to get involved with, sorry, get, get your hands on one of these, you can right now, as I said, constitution.ens.domains and buy one. I'm not sure when it's going to be delivered as, as it stated here, it's printed on demand. So it may take a bit longer than usual to get delivered here, but I can't wait to get mine. And it's really, really cool. Just something really cool that ENS has done, I think. And I think today's their five year anniversary as well of ENS. So just a little anniversary kind of, I guess, kind of like a thing, a little, I guess like anniversary celebration from them as well. So definitely go get your hands on one by clicking on this link in the Twitter thread, or just go into constitution.ens.domains. All right. So, Hagar here from, doing analytics, posted a great tweet today, basically highlighting something that I've been banging on about lately, but essentially he just highlighted Dune's growth recently and about how they've been growing really, really nicely, even though the market is bearish. You can see here, the amount of queries created per month is just kind of like up into the right here. But I wrote today's newsletter about this. And what I wanted to kind of talk about was this concept of building through bear markets. Now there's a few different things to talk about here. One is that like, I personally think that there are like a lot of teams right now building in bear markets that no one's paying attention to. And I mean, why would they, if the token's not going up, if the token is actually going down, if the market's quiet, people may not be paying attention to things like community calls, developer AMAs, you know, GitHub, like what's happening on the GitHub repos, all that sorts of stuff there. But this is personally, I believe the best time to be paying attention to this stuff. I mean, using Ethereum as the quintessential example here, if you have been paying attention to Ethereum in 2018 and 2019, the peak of the kind of like bear markets, you would know that the building never stopped. And it's even in 2020, it continued on, we got DeFi, we got like the beacon chain spun up, we got all these cool things happening, we got the early signs of like actual layer twos, like roll ups and stuff like that happening. And you would have been able to stack ETH during that with confidence. And you would have done well for yourself. But on the flip side, and this is what I actually wanted to focus on, I think people get caught up in like looking at ETH, and looking at the fact that it came back from a 94% drawdown and Ethereum went on to basically become as big as it has. And they apply that to their favorite project out of some bias. Now, maybe that bias is the fact that they're still holding the token, and they're underwater on it, and they're hoping that, you know, and they see the project still building. And they're hoping that that building is just going to lead to better outcomes later on. And it's going to lead to the token increasing in price. Two things here. I mean, most of us will be aware that 90% of businesses fail after I think it's five years or something like that, or kind of like even shorter than that, right? And that's non-crypto businesses. I would say that crypto businesses fail, like much more fail at kind of like a much faster rate. I would say that 95 plus percent of crypto businesses or crypto protocols fail within the first two years, two or three years maybe. So that's the first thing. So that means you've got like a five to 10% chance of actually hitting a winner. It doesn't matter if they're still building. They could be building something that no one wants. They could be building something that they get out competed on. They could be building something that's just a crap product, right? There's a million different variables that go into this. So just because a project is still building during the bear market doesn't mean they're going to succeed. And also it doesn't mean that the value is going to flow to the token. And now I think the quintessential example of this is the Cosmos ecosystem. Now the ADAM token hasn't really accrued much value. Since December 2019, I actually checked this today, it's down 80% against ETH. But the Cosmos ecosystem has developed a bunch of great products or a bunch of products that actually do have a lot of usage. Some of you won't know this, but Solana actually runs on Tendermint, a consensus, which came out of the Cosmos ecosystem. The IBC bridging protocol is actually really cool, came out of the Cosmos ecosystem. I believe Terra is also built on Tendermint, you know, again, Cosmos ecosystem. But the ADAM token has not really captured any of this value. And that's because the tokenomics are really bad. It's not designed to capture this value. And from what I can tell, the Cosmos ecosystem, or at least kind of like the founding members and the higher ups, I guess you could say, don't really want ADAM to accrue much value, which is bizarre to me, but that's kind of like my read on it. So you can have both, you know, very successful, I guess, like products in their own right, or very successful ecosystems, but the token doesn't capture any of that value. And then you can have like projects that are building, you know, building really hard, building a lot of different things, and just building something that no one wants, right, and the product that fails. So I just wanted to kind of like hide that because I think too many people fall into this trap of, hey, they're still building, they're doing awesomely, you know, they're doing great, like, they're still going, there's all these products that they're releasing. And they think that that's kind of like a sign of, you know, the token is going to eventually go up, the token is going to moon, and everything's going to be well and good. That's not necessarily the case, guys. And then there's also the kind of like case of building going on, the products are awesome, that the token captures value, but then it only does that for a short period of time. And they this thing, this usually happens during bull markets, not bear markets, where people get a false sense of security around their products, and say, Oh, wow, we have product market fit. But in reality, people were just using the product because they'll maybe farming a token or the liquidity incentives, or everyone was just using everything in the hopes of kind of like making money or something like that, right? When in reality, it just wasn't real product market fit. So I just wanted to kind of like hide that for you guys. I know there's been a lot of talk recently about value investing, which is the act of basically investing in things that are on public markets that may seem extremely undervalued, because the market has been bearish, and it's just kind of like not rated these things correctly. You could have done this for things like synthetics and our last bear market and made a lot of money. And maybe you can do things for certain protocols, this bear market and make a lot of money too. But again, it's very, very hard to pick these things very hard. I mean, it gets harder as time goes on, because just more projects are out there, I would say that as I said, five to 10%, that like picking that five to 10% is really, really hard. And I would actually say it's less than 5%, where the token would actually accrue value from the success of the ecosystem. So again, very hard to invest in these sorts of things. Not to say don't go for it, not to say you shouldn't kind of like try. But just be aware of all these things when you do that, because there's a lot more to it than just like looking at it like, okay, they're still active, they're still building, that means this is going to moon. No, that couldn't be further from the truth. And I just kind of like wanted to kind of to share that with you guys, because I've been there myself before I've learned those lessons the hard way. And I just wanted to kind of like save you guys the heartache. But maybe you do have to learn the lesson the hard way. That's a good way to learn lessons in this industry at the end of the day. All right, so a tweet that I put out just before that I wanted to kind of like dive a bit deeper into was something that I said here, I said the airdrop dilemma, you don't do an airdrop and the community hates you because they didn't get free money slash responsibility. You do an airdrop and community hates you because the distribution isn't fair, aka they didn't get enough, then the token goes to zero anyway. This is the kind of like dilemma that a lot of teams face, right? And we see this time and time again. Someone made a comment in the discord channel before that apparently in the hop discord, people are already complaining about the distribution of the hop token when it hasn't even been announced yet. So, you know, people are never going to be happy. That's like kind of like the takeaway from this. But I think that airdrops are kind of I guess like an overplayed thing at this point. And Mooney actually made a good tweet about this. And we kind of got into a discussion about where he said, I don't think airdrops are as effective as they once were unless the goal is to just get float out. If it is, then release airdrop schema, have community check, it's clear edit if necessary, rerelease drop. And I agree with him here. I think crypto suffers from this, this thing where the meta game changes so frequently because crypto moves so frequently as an ecosystem. And all of these trends get played out like really, really quickly. And I said that to Mooney in one of my replies where I said, you know, I agree with you, but I think given how fast this industry moves and how fast the meta changes, it's basically a euthanasia rollercoaster for every single thing. Yield farming, airdrops, you know, the L1 trade, everything in this industry just gets completely farmed out, completely speculated on in a very short period of time. And that's why we have this kind of like phenomenon of a few months where everything is like awesome. Everything's pumping, everyone's making money, it's all well and good. And then that inevitably ends. And then we have a couple of years of just like a really quiet period. And these things just always trend in those kinds of like directions. And I don't know if it's good or bad. I would say it's frustrating. And I think for teams, especially frustrating, especially because they want to do airdrops, they want to get their token out, but it's just never going to please everyone. As I mentioned the other day, no airdrop design is ever going to be perfect, far from it. And I think that in general, airdrops maybe aren't the way to go for a lot of projects at this point in time. Like, but the thing is, I don't know how to do a good token distribution. I think the best token distributions in crypto are Bitcoin and Ethereum. And I think they had unique kind of like circumstances with their token as well. I mean, for one, they had a proof of work distribution phase. They've had multiple market cycles. They launched when I guess like the, I mean, Bitcoin launched when the ecosystem was non-existent. Ethereum launched when it was still quite small, but because of this phenomenon of everyone knowing the game, right. And because everyone knows the game, the game has to change to make money from it. What ends up happening is that like airdrops just become kind of like these ineffective tools and as Muni points out here. So I don't know what the solution is. I think the solution might just still be iterating on airdrops as much as we can and just dealing with the fact that we're never going to get to a perfect kind of like airdrop or token distribution mechanism. And just, I guess maybe focus on driving value to the token itself rather than the distribution to counterbalance the issues with the distribution around that. So I'll have to see how that plays out. Just wanted to kind of like highlight that as well there, because it's something that I think about a lot, especially as someone who is invested in a lot of teams and is privy to some of the information around them. And I get asked, like, hey, like, what should we do with our token? You know, what should our distribution look like? I always give the same advice in that the distribution should definitely be weighted more heavily towards the community than the core team and the investors. But at the same time, that's not enough. There needs to be so much more done here. And I spoke about optimism's kind of like token design the other day and how I really like it, but it's far from perfect guys. And it didn't please everyone. There was still people upset about it. And you're never going to please everyone. I think that if the goal of a team designing their kind of token and their airdrop is to please everyone, then they've already lost. I think the goal should be to get a fair as distribution as possible. Don't worry about pleasing everyone and then just focus on driving value to that token in any way that you can to counterbalance the, I guess, like weird distribution kind of like stuff that inevitably will happen due to just distribution being a really, really hard, unsolved kind of like problem within crypto. So yeah, just wanted to highlight that. Let me know your thoughts jumping the discord channel. We have like a whole airdrop channels dedicated to this sort of stuff. So definitely kind of like, let me know your thoughts there. I'm curious to hear what other people think about this. I finally here we have a new feature from ETA scan called the transaction heat map. So basically this lets you get a one glance view of an address's activity over the last year. So what you can do is you head to any address page, click on the analytics tab and select the transaction heat map. And you'll be able to see each day of each month over the last year and how active an address was for that month. I actually checked sassle.eth and for some reason I was really active in like the last six months of last year, but haven't been that active this year. Not sure why that is. I thought it was more active maybe because I'm using my other addresses more, my non-public addresses and things like that, but you can plug in your address to either scan and kind of check it out here, but you can also check out any address that you want to. So just another really nice quality of life feature from ETA scan. And they do lots of these things. I love these kind of like features. It is getting still the best block explorer by far, I believe. It's kind of like, I guess I've spoken about this before, but it's kind of like, I wish they had competition, but at the same time, I don't think they even need competition because they just keep releasing so many good features, but I think they need competition from just kind of like, I mean, a decentralization perspective. We obviously don't want to just centralize around one block explorer, but they're so good that it's kind of like hard not to write. So there's that kind of like a feature for you guys to check out there. Now I have a few minutes left. I just wanted to make one comment about kind of like the markets again, just because I've been seeing people kind of like talk about this a little bit more frequently lately. The markets guys, like, I mean, I've said it before, we're in a bear market. We're in the kind of like this crab market. I spoke about it on the marathon refill the other day at the end of it, where I said that, you know, everything's still really bullish for Ethereum. There's nothing to be bearish about, but I just wanted to make one comment. And I kind of like how I was thinking about this today. If it wasn't for Ethereum in this industry, I don't know what this industry would have to kind of like stand on right now. Like if you look at everything else going on, what's there to be bullish about? I actually don't think there's anything to be bullish about when it comes to Bitcoin. As I've said before, I think Bitcoin has plenty of headwinds ahead of it, not many tailwinds. And then I look at other ecosystems out there and they're all just copying Ethereum. Like the L1s are just copying Ethereum most of the time. There are some things going on here and there, but really the most exciting stuff is all happening within Ethereum, the merge layer twos, NFTs, DeFi, it's all still happening on Ethereum. And ETH is capturing a lot of that value. And staking of course is obviously a big thing. So what else would we be bullish about if Ethereum wasn't out? I don't think very much. I think this industry would still be very small. I think crypto as a whole would actually be very boring without Ethereum. I'm not sure if there would have been even another smart contract platform that kind of like filled the hole there. But yeah, just something that I was thinking about today. I just wanted to kind of share with you guys as I had a couple of minutes left here, but I think that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.