 Hello everyone, welcome to another episode of the Deligay Refuel where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Ian Nissano, and today is the 5th of July 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So I mentioned yesterday that I'll be doing another Twitter Spaces as part of the Merge series I'm doing with SSV Network. Well, this week it is going to be with Sandeep, one of the co-founders of Polygon here. So this will take place July 8, so this Friday at 8pm Australian Eastern Standard Time. That is kind of like, I guess, lunchtime-ish for Europe or maybe just before lunchtime, and for the US it's quite early. But these are recorded as usual so you can catch it if you aren't able to catch it live at a later date there. So you can set a reminder, I'll link this in the YouTube description below, but it should be a good chat. Like, I've been really enjoying these chats that I've had, I've done three of them so far. This should be a really, really good one on Friday as well. Alright, so Rockerpool hit a new milestone today. They have 200,000 ETH staked as part of the Rockerpool protocol here. So a big thank you to our 1,283 node operators and our ETH holders, when 1 million. I think I remember covering this when they reached 100,000 or something back, I don't know how long ago it was now. I don't think it was that long ago, but basically I kind of covered this and said, you know, I expect this growth to continue, I expect this growth to kind of ramp up with all the upgrades and changes going into Rockerpool. I spoke about Redstone last week on the refuel and it's just awesome to see this. Obviously, the community is very acutely aware of different LSDs having dominance, having lots of dominance over the network, such as Lido. And as I've said plenty of times, one of the ways we combat that is with more competition. And I think Rockerpool is, I mean, in terms of kind of like LSDs that I would feel comfortable staking with, Rockerpool is definitely at the top of the list there. Number one, because they're a decentralized staking pool, they actually care about decentralizing and have been kind of like working on it for quite a while now, and they take these things very, very seriously. But two, I would also just feel very comfortable supporting the effort as well. Not to say that any of the other ones are bad or anything like that. I mean, Lido is fine, I don't think Lido is inherently evil or anything like that. But also like we should be going with the minority liquid kind of like providers as well, or pool providers as well. We shouldn't just all be piling into something like Lido. And obviously Lido, the state going into Lido has slowed down a lot because of the fact that the ST ETH token is not... It's basically still, I think the price against ETH, actually I can just check here quickly what it is against ETH. I still think it's at a pretty... Yeah, it's at 3% discount, 0.97. So it's moved up a bit there, but still it's not like what it was at about 0.99 or even like one for one on par there. So people are still hesitant to get back in, but that's Rockerpool's opportunity. That's the opportunity of so many other kind of like liquid staking providers as well. So it's really cool to see that and see that Rockerpool is still growing here. I know it's growing slower than some people would have liked, but I've mentioned before why that kind of like is the case. There are some fundamental limits and there are some limits that can be kind of like rearranged, I guess, and improved. And also awareness is a big thing too. I know that Rockerpool recently did a really big campaign with Bankless, like a marketing campaign, which is really awesome to see. And I saw that Bankless actually spun up 10 mini pools of their own as well, which is very, very cool. So, you know, the marketing's there, it's getting better. The awareness is getting better. And obviously the tech upgrades are always coming, as I mentioned, Redstone as well. And yeah, I think it's just going to keep growing. I think Rockerpool's going to keep getting bigger and bigger and keep getting better and better. So congrats to them on this milestone. Really, really awesome to see. All right. So we have a query here that Hill Dobbie posted, a Doon Analytics query on Twitter today, where he said, EIP 1559 was implemented on Ethereum almost a year ago, and about 80% of trades now use this new dynamic gas fee over the legacy gas fee option. And you can check out the query here. Now, the reason why I wanted to talk about this today is because I found it quite interesting that we still got 20% of the network that doesn't use the kind of, I guess, like 1559 style transactions. Now, transaction fee. This doesn't mean that they don't burn ETH. Every single transaction, whether it's a 1559 style legacy style transaction burns ETH. That's just core to the protocol, but they don't get the benefits if you're not using a 1559 style transaction. And the benefits are basically better fee estimation, more smooth out kind of like fee payments and a refund. So you're not overpaying for fees. Now, if I had to guess who these 20% are, it'd probably be people that are using kind of like old hardware wallets that still kind of like use the old transaction type. I think that like, if you're on a kind of like an old version of like a ledger or something like that, and you haven't updated, it'll still use the legacy transaction types and it won't use 1559 unless you update. Same with things like Trezza. I don't even know if Trezza added, I think they did add 1559 support, but there was a bit of drama around that. But just generally there's that. I'm sure there's probably some exchanges, some maybe third tier exchanges that haven't upgraded the infrastructure and some other places out there. So 20% I guess could make sense if I took all that into account and maybe there are some people are just using legacy transactions by force for one reason or another. Maybe there's some MEV benefit to it. I'm not sure. Like I don't think so, but there could be something that I'm missing here. Maybe you guys know what this 20% represents, but I would wager that it's definitely got to do with people that just have old versions of kind of like the apps on their hardware wallet that haven't been upgraded. Because there's obviously an Ethereum app on the ledger, for example, and you have to upgrade that when things like this come out and people just probably, you know, maybe have not upgraded because of that. But very cool to see. I think, you know, by the looks of things, it may seem like we'll creep up continuously over time, maybe higher than 80% here, but I doubt it's ever going to get to 100%. Maybe not for a very long time, but again, it doesn't matter because every transaction, whether it's legacy or 1559 style is still burning ETH. The only thing that matters for is the end user at the end of the day, because if they're not using the 1559 style transaction, then as I said, they're not getting the benefits that was introduced, but we're still burning ETH. So, I mean, for the network, it's okay. But for, I guess like the users, it's not great, but interesting chart here and thanks to Hilldobby for sharing it. All right. So some big news out of Polygon today. Polygon has teamed up with HTC to basically build a phone or kind of like launch a metaverse phone for Ethereum and with Polygon support as well, obviously here. Now, this is obviously not the first kind of like blockchain phone. There has been plenty of attempts, I guess, over the years, but most recently, Solana announced that they were doing a phone. Now, the main difference between what Polygon is doing and what Solana is doing is the fact that Solana is trying to do the whole thing, right? They're trying to do the software side, but also the hardware side. So they're kind of like, I think they bought out a company that was trying to do kind of like hardware or phone hardware, and they kind of like taking it on board and trying to do their own and rebranding it as like the Solana phone and all that sorts of stuff there, right? Whereas Polygon is just partnering with an existing company, HTC, who's been around for a long time in the smartphone market and kind of like leveraging their, I guess, like hardware and leveraging their brand and everything like that in order to get people to kind of like use this thing to onboard into things like Ethereum and Polygon. I personally think this is the better approach. And I'm not just saying that because it's Ethereum and not Solana. I am very critical of anyone trying to do the hardware, especially when it comes to kind of like smartphones, because of the fact that I know just how hard it can be. And OK, cool. Like Solana is doing it and it's ambitious and it's more experimentation and it might take off and this and that. I get all the reasoning behind it. But if we look at just how hard it is, like, for example, there has been a lot of studies shown. And I think this is basically based on a lot of hard facts that to break even on a smartphone as a hardware manufacturer, you have to sell 500,000 units. Now, that's just to break even. I believe the Solana phone has sold like two or three thousand since announcing. And that's like that's not even close to the amount that you need. Right. And obviously, Solana Labs has a lot of money. They can subsidize things, you know, and maybe they get more people on board by subsidizing it. But just generally to me, it just it seems insane that they would go down this path instead of just 100 percent going down a software path and then partnering with one of these kind of like other hardware manufacturers like Polygon has done. But it seems like a marketing stunt or a publicity stunt on Solana's behalf, I guess like it could work to bring more attention in. But just generally, the economics just don't make any sense. And it not even just the economics, but just the hardware game is much harder than the software game a lot of the time, because with software, you don't have to worry about things like physical supply chains, which are not things that are easy to do. Guys, like I know in our kind of like bubbles where we're used to just clicking things on Amazon and having them shop at our door, it may seem like the supply chain is easy. But the amount of stuff that has to happen for that that thing to get to your door, like same day shipping or next day shipping with Amazon is insane. And there's a reason why only a few mega companies in the world can do it that efficiently. And it's just generally it's just it involves so many different parties, right? So supply chain is obviously a huge thing. But just generally, the economics as well is a massive thing here. And it doesn't make sense unless you can sell 500,000 units just to break even. Then you want to obviously turn a profit. Obviously, you could use the hardware as a kind of like loss leader, which is the term basically given to a lot of these kind of things where you sell things at a loss or you sell the hardware. At a loss or at break even price, you don't make any profit on it, but you make profit on the software. This happens a lot in the gaming world where the games consoles will be sold as a loss leader. But because people will obviously buy games to play on those consoles, it makes up for that. So, for example, a kind of a very clear example of this was the PS2 back in the day. The PS2 was the first inexpensive DVD player. Like DVD players used to cost a lot and like thousands of dollars back then. And then the PS2 came out and it was much cheaper and it was obviously not cheaper because they had found a way to manufacture them in a cheaper way. It was cheaper because they were taking a loss on it because they were going to make up on the software side because everyone was going to buy PS2 games and all this sorts of stuff. That's exactly what happened and Sony did very well with the PS2. I believe the PS2 is one of the best, if not the best selling consoles of all time because of that. Now, maybe that's Solana's kind of, I guess, like goal as well. But at the same time, like there's a difference between selling a few thousand units and needing to sell half a million units just to break even. Like if they sold maybe tens of thousands, even like hundreds of thousands, then I'd be like, okay, maybe this thing has a chance of success. But I don't think it has any chance of success. So when it comes to Polygon, just kind of like partnering with an existing manufacturer and focusing more on the software side of things and on the development stack and things like that, I'm much more bullish on that approach. And I think Solana is doing, obviously doing both. So they can probably cut their losses if they want to on the hardware side of things. Okay, well, we tried whatever. Let's scrap the hardware. We'll just stick to the software, which definitely is a path that I see them going down, depending on how bad it gets in terms of not being able to break even on the hardware. But to me, it just seems obvious that that's going to be the case. Like they shouldn't even go on in the hardware path, but they'll see. Maybe they proved me wrong. I just don't think it's going to happen from everything that I've read, everyone that I've talked to. It just doesn't seem like it's going to happen. Anyway, given all that context, you know, what does kind of like a metaverse or a blockchain phone look like? Well, from my reading, it looks like something that treats Ethereum. It treats Polygon. It treats kind of like a theorem based layer twos as first class citizens on the phone. So it's like you could have a directly embedded wallet into the phone. Like Samsung actually toyed with this a while ago. I don't know what happened with it in the end, but they have like a vault that you could use. So that's what it means. Maybe you have some pre-installed kind of like apps, like, for example, a crypto wallet. Like you might have like third party wallets on there and not just kind of like the HTC wallet, but you may have like a meta mask installed, or maybe you have like an Arjun installed. Maybe you have some apps installed on it as well, like some standalone apps that HTC has developed or something like that. So there are various different ways you can go down, especially on the software side of things, because it's much easier to do than the hardware side of things. And I'm cautiously optimistic for something like this. I'm not going to say that what Polygon is doing is going to be a success or it's going to lead anywhere. But as I said, I think there's a much better chance of something coming from this if it's just a software thing and not kind of like a hardware thing. Because, I mean, think about it. Like I know Solana, I know the founders, especially Anatoly has a background in hardware manufacturing or a background in kind of like chip manufacturing. I think he used to work at Qualcomm, which is obviously a massive smartphone chip manufacturer. So obviously he's got close ties there and he's doing it because of those reasons and others. But just generally, I don't think it translates very well for like a blockchain company or a crypto company to kind of like smartphone things on the hardware side. So we'll see what they do there. But it's definitely not something that Polygon should be pursuing at all. And they're obviously very well aware of that. That's why they haven't pursued that path. So I guess that's my general thoughts on all of that. I think generally, like when it comes to mobile phones or smartphones and their platforms like iOS and Android and the different flavors of Android that come with the manufacturers, they're probably going to hit a point where things start getting removed and banned from certain stores for certain reasons. So for example, on the app store, you can imagine a world where the wallets are banned from being on there because they allow people to basically make purchases in app that go around the 30% fee that Apple takes on in-app purchases. This has happened in the past for various different apps. I mean, pretty sure Apple took Spotify to court or Spotify took Apple to court over this. So it's a big fight that ends up happening here. Now with crypto, obviously, if you're going to do a Uniswap trade, for example, in your Metamask wallet, Apple is not going to be able to get a fee from that. And they may consider that an in-app purchase when it really shouldn't be because in reality, it's kind of completely separate because you're just using the app to kind of, I guess, interact with something. It's kind of like using a web browser to interact with an e-commerce store on your phone. Apple doesn't take a cut from that. So it's different, right? But I think Apple's logic is that, oh, well, it's an app in the app store. We need to take a cut from this, blah, blah, blah. And they may end up banning things. So that's where things like this come in handy, partnering with these manufacturers, making sure that they're kind of like crypto-friendly, getting their devices loaded with crypto stuff and making sure users can access this sort of stuff as well. So that's what I'm most looking forward to what I'm most bullish on. I guess, congrats to Polygon on landing this. I'm going to be looking and kind of like following this as closely as I can to see what happens here. But I don't think I'll be buying the HTC phone here for this. I mean, I'm an iPhone user anyway. But I think that their phones are still quite popular. People still use them. So I'm curious to see what kind of uptick they have here. All right. So Zigzag Exchange introduced a kind of major upgrade today called Invisibull 3, or like basically their layer 3 ZK roll up for private transactions on StarkNet, which is an add on to Zigzag Exchange. Now, those of you who have been paying attention or have been listening to me talk about Zigzag basically know that Zigzag currently exists on the ZK sync layer 2. And they were talking about going to StarkNet and I believe Arbitrum as well. So they've announced today that they're going to be deploying a layer 3 ZK roll up with private transactions to StarkNet. Now, you can read this blog post for a full breakdown of what that means and what a layer 3 is and how that all works and things like that. I think they're the second team to announce an L3 implementation, Immutable being the first tier. So it's really cool to see this. I mean, I know I gave Zigzag a lot of shit about their token launch, but I think that's orthogonal to the tech itself. The tech itself is good, the product itself is good. I've used it a number of times. And I think that they're going, you know, the fact that they're on the kind of like bleeding edge here, going for things and doing like layer 3 exchange, especially with privacy preserving transactions, I think is really cool. Because one thing that I've talked about a lot is that I think that to achieve mass adoption, we obviously need scale, but we also need privacy. There's no point scaling, you know, to billions of users if everything is still transparent and there's no privacy because that's just not going to work. Most people are going to figure that out sooner or later and be like, okay, well, you know, this is crazy. Like, I don't want this information publicly available for anyone to see. And the funny thing is that people sometimes come back at me and say, well, people don't care about their web 2 kind of like information that they leak everywhere and their information on social media and things like that. And it's like, okay guys, like there's a difference between personal information, like your name, your birthday, you know, where you went on holiday, kind of like what you enjoy, what you like and your financial information. There's a world of difference between that. And like if the financial information, if your financial information or financial transactions was kind of like leaked everywhere, you'd be rightly pissed. And most people are rightly pissed when that happens. So from that perspective, I think that when it comes to financial activity on chain, it's going to need to be by default private and we can do that at layer two and at layer three. It's kind of like difficult to do that at layer one for a number of reasons. The major one being the fact that it's expensive to do at layer one and also layer one is not a user layer anymore, I guess. So it doesn't matter. I mean, it still is a user layer, but it's not being built to be a user layer longterm. So we can do this all at layer two and layer three. So you can give this blog post to read for the full details on zigzags new implementation here. I'm looking forward to seeing how this plays out and I'm looking forward to just layer threes in general. All right. So speaking of immutable, they had an update today. So there is an EATH off ramp now available to any developer building on the immutable X building and immutable X powered platform. Developers can enable their users to sell layer to EATH and have the proceeds deposited directly to their bank account. This is really cool. Like I think in terms of onboarding and off boarding to these like layer twos, we've obviously had a lot of solutions come out over the last few months. There's bridging protocols, there's fiat on ramps, there's centralized exchanges, all that sorts of stuff happening, right? But if developers can just directly integrate on their own platforms that they're building on top of immutable X with for this to kind of like happen for their users, that's how we continue to, I guess, like enable these sorts of things. And moon pay is what's being used here basically as kind of like the backend, but like giving developers the power to do that themselves is a really, really quick way to kind of get people on board and off board and stuff like that as well. Because at the end of the day, that's what people want to do. People definitely want to go back to fiat, especially because of taxes. Like people often say, oh, when we, you know, when we get like crypto mass adoption, we won't need to off board, we won't need to go back to fiat. It's like guys, like, like as bullish as I am on crypto, I don't think many governments around the world are going to be accepting crypto for direct tax payments anytime soon. There are going to be some here and there, but I don't expect the major countries to accept direct crypto parents. I'm not talking about them accepting it and then exchanging it to a fiat currency, which I guess is a different ball game, but they're actually accepting it and holding it. So I don't think we get, I can't imagine something like the US government saying, yeah, you can pay your taxes in eight and we'll hold it like, no, they're not going to do that. Like they may, they may say that you could pay through a third party and then they'll kind of like get that third party to exchange that eight for us dollars. But then it's the same thing, right? And then third party is probably going to charge you a fee. So it gets very messy. So allowing people to just directly off ramp from a layer two, just like they came from layer one to fear is a huge value add here and allowing developers to build this directly into their own platforms is obviously a huge value add as well. So very, very cool to see this from mutable today. All right. So not a wizard. Eith has released a beta version of their new tool called the wallet analyzer. You can already use it to check the historical balances, transactions and transfers of any Ethereum address. And there's a quick demo here of this if you want to check it out, but also I believe you can check it out at their app page as well. Is this funny? Cause I was just talking about privacy there and kind of like financial privacy guys. This is a tool that obviously lets you kind of like see what's happening on different Ethereum addresses and things like that. And kind of like looking to different things here. But the funniest thing is that this tool is not anything new. There's been these tools for ages and there are tools that do go much, much deeper than this. There's tools like chain analysis, for example, or company chain analysis, and they use different tools and they can basically link every single transaction that you've ever done to everything. Even if you go through something like tornado cash or try to wash your funds to a centralized exchange, they have methods to track that. For example, when you kind of like, some people will, a lot of people will deposit funds to a centralized exchange. And then they will withdraw them to another wallet and it washes it through the exchange. Because when you deposit it to a centralized exchange, it goes into one big wallet. And then when it withdraws, you withdraw it, it withdraws from that wallet to a new one. But say you deposit one ETH into kind of like Binance, for example. And then you withdraw one ETH out of Binance into a new address shortly after it. Well, that's something that they can kind of pattern match on, right? And that's not the only thing they can pattern match when you're awake, right? They can pattern match things like your kind of like active hours, not just when you're awake, but also your active hours. Things like, you know, did this address interact with this? Confidence level, okay, well then this one interacted with this and this and this and they can kind of like find everything. So that's what I mean by like, we need privacy. Like these tools are cool, don't get me wrong. I like things like this and it's a cool little kind of like project for people to work on. But this is not something that should be kind of like allowed to happen because we don't want everyone to be able to see everyone else's financial history. So I think, as I said, layer 2, layer 3 is going to solve this, but it's going to take a little while. It's definitely going to take people adopting these sorts of things. And generally, even at layer 2 and layer 3, I believe privacy is more expensive. Not too much more expensive, but still more expensive. I mean, you can, Aztec protocol has their kind of like layer 2 live and it is more expensive. But I think over time we can get that down a lot as we keep scaling. But generally, massive companies, big corporates, big institutions and stuff, they're never going to use this kind of technology unless they can use it privately at the end of the day. They've been for simple reasons of they don't want their competition seeing what they're doing. They don't want anyone really seeing what they're doing. They don't want people able to kind of like check on chain stuff that they're doing and then trade based on that, right? If they're a public company. So there's a lot of concerns around this, but still, while we've got these tools, while we don't have privacy by default on these layers, you can use these tools to kind of check out a bunch of different things if you want to. I'll link you in the description. You can probably plug in your own address here and see what comes up with it. And maybe you'll find something that you didn't know was there or you forgot about. All right. So just the final tweet here from Hayden from Uniswap. So he said insane liquidity in Uniswap v3 DAI USDC pool. $500 million trades in either direction only create a 1% price impact or 1% slippage efficiency on display as well. TVL across the two main DAI USD pools is only $1.3 billion. Cool to see automated vaults starting to take off too. This is something that came with Uniswap v3 is this kind of like efficiency here where you needed much less liquidity. Because it's kind of like, especially for stable coin pools, because it's targeted a very defined range than you did with Uniswap v2. And that's why you can do these massive trades with very little price impact around pairs like stable coins. Now, obviously, Uniswap is not the only game in town. There's curve and there's also kind of like the maker PSM, which allows trades to be routed through there. But it's still, it's really cool to see like how fast like fees and in price impacts collapsed on things like stable coins, which at the end of the day, the thing you want most liquidity on are stable coins and ETH. Really, if you're on Ethereum, you want ETH to be very liquid, you want stable coins to be very liquid, and then you can run everything else through that. And as long as those those kind of pairs remain liquid, you have like a very healthy and functioning DeFi ecosystem. So very, very cool to see this. You can check out the original tweet that Hayden is kind of like quote tweeting here. But I think that's it for the news. And I have a few minutes left here. I did want to talk a little bit about the markets and market action in general and or lack of action, right? I haven't spoken about this for a little while now, but I like speaking about it from time to time. So what's happening? Well, what's happening is that like we're just crabbing and what I mean by crabbing is that the price is going sideways, right? It is so boring. Some days the price will move like a few dollars, right? That's how boring it is. This is exactly what happened in 2019, guys. Like literally, I feel like I'm in 2019 right now. I know that I kind of like tend to go back a lot and speak a lot about the last bear market, but it's funny just how similar these things are. And in terms of like who's online, who's kind of around still, it's the same thing. There's the same kind of people that you see on Twitter that are online that kind of like are sticking around. But what I really like is that the Deadlyware Discord channel was still very, very active. I can't keep up with it. That's how I know it's very active. And it's really cool to see people sticking around, even though there are some people in there who bought ETH in the 4000s and they're still sticking around. They're like, no, I'm kind of like in this for the long term. I really like the technology. I want to keep learning. And I love that. I love that that's going on. But in terms of the markets, guys, like still no idea where we're going from here. The macro environment is still really shitty. There are new kind of like inflation numbers coming out in just over a week that people are looking at and being like, okay, well, if they come, if they inflation is still not under control, then the market's going to sell off. Or if it comes in lower than expected, then maybe we'll rally. And then there are things like people saying, oh, there's a recession or that the Fed is going to only raise a little bit, and then they're going to have to go and switch on the money printer. Basically, the TLDR of all of that is that there's just a lot of uncertainty still. No one really knows what's kind of like going to happen over the next few months. So that's why the markets are the way they are in my eyes. Like I think most sellers are exhausted. That doesn't mean that we can't go down more. But I think in terms of like the forced sellers, they're definitely exhausted. All the fallout from 3RS capital and their lending markets, they either already sold or they got bailed out. Right. So that I think most of that, if not all of that is gone. Celsius's big BTC leverage position is patted down and the liquidation price, I believe, is under 10,000 or something now. So it's obviously not close to liquidation at this point. And also, as I said, like all those forced sellers, I believe, are out. So if we do keep going lower, it's probably going to be either a grind lower or it'll probably just be like a shock from something like higher inflation numbers than expected or something else going on in the macro environment. But generally, I feel like this sideways stuff can last a long time and it can be a mind killer. Because it's not just sideways. It's not like the eighth price is just going to stay at like around kind of like some tens of dollars in a range there. It can go up a lot and come back down. Like I remember in 2019, ETH went from like 100 bucks to $360, then back down to around $100. If I did the equivalent of that now, it would go from $1,000 to $3,600, then back down to $1,000. That's the same equivalent percentage move. I know it seems like it's, and it sounds like it's more brutal, but it's the exact same percentage move. So if that happened, guys, like thinking about how many people think that the bull market would be back if we went up to $3,600, right? They'd be like, oh my God, we're so close to the old, all-time high. We're going to kind of like break out. We're going to go big and imagine it coming down from that back to $1,000. Like that would absolutely kill so many people. And I find it funny that that happened in 2019 and then 2020 was the bull market year for ETH. And we ended the year, we started the year at around $100 and we ended the year at almost $1,000, I think, or something like that. Then we went into all-time high in January of 2021. So things can happen fast. Things can stay kind of like staying in it for a while. But just generally my, I guess, advice, and this is an investment advice, but my general advice remains the same. Is if you're in it for the technology, keep learning, make the most of this time, this quiet period to upskill, to maybe join a team and go work for them. Don't focus too much on the markets because there's really nothing happening there. It's boring. And if you haven't sold at this point, right? Like, unless you're forced to sell because of some real life need that you need the money for, I mean, you're probably not going to sell at this point, right? Like at this point, you're like, okay, well, I'm just strapped in holding onto my ETH. I'm going to just like wait it out sort of thing. And that's, that's totally up to you to do, of course. Right. And I've got no idea where we're going from here. I'm still buying ETH when I can, obviously around these prices, but you know, it could drop 50% from here. I don't know. Like, I don't think it will, but it could, like, I have no crystal ball. No one does, and I don't think anyone expected to go into the triple digits in the first place. And it did in it and it kind of like, it didn't just stab down there. It stayed down there for a little bit and it could go back, right? We have, we're not very far from that. I think, you know, right now, as I'm talking prices at 1095, it's not far to get back to triple digits guys. So yeah, I just wanted to kind of like give some more thoughts around the current market and how not much has changed, but I think like a lot has changed in this fact that. We can now kind of say things like most of the four cells, if not all of them are gone, they've sold, they're not going to wait weeks and weeks to sell. They've already sold. The three hours capital fallout is still happening, but I think the brunt of the damage has already been taken. It happened much faster than it would in the traditional finance space because just crypto moves much faster here. But we see it, we'll see. We'll see if there's any more contagion that comes from that, but I don't think there's going to be anything major from there. And I know a lot of people on Twitter like to spread rumors and say, oh Coinbase is insolvent or this is insolvent or this is going bankrupt. Like don't listen to these people. They are right in saying, take your funds off centralized exchanges because I just generally advocate for that too. But I think they're very wrong. And these rumors are just bullshit that they're saying, oh, this is insolvent, this is insolvent. Like it's just trying to play on people's fears, right? Because there are other ones that have been insolvent or other ones that have had, you know, blown themselves up, right? So, so yeah, anyway, I'm going to leave it at that for today. Thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.