 Hello everyone, welcome to another episode of the Delegrae Refuel where I recap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Dan TheNisusano and today is the 8th of September 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So we are less than one week away from the merge as of today. So very very close. I have a bunch of merge updates I actually want to get through today. So starting off with the first one which I guess is more of a BattleTricks update. But you can see here that there are currently 500 validators that are associated with this Ethereum address that have been offline since the BattleTricks hard fork. Now I did say to you that there is obviously a huge incentive for these validators to come online because they're leaking ETH. Well these 500 validators which is 16,000 ETH are leaking that ETH through the inactivity leak and they'll get to a point eventually where they'll be kicked out of the active validator set and they won't actually be able to restake until withdrawals are enabled. So this will take a little while, it's not going to happen anytime soon. The inactivity leak is actually quite forgiving but it will happen. And if they let it get to that point then they could potentially go 6-12 months without any rewards at all, without anything there. So I'm not sure if this belongs to a staking service provider. I doubt it belongs to an individual because I would assume that an individual would be more on top of this than... Or maybe, you know what, I may have got it the wrong way around. A staking provider should be more on top of this than an individual but it just puzzles me that these 500 validators are still offline two days after BattleTricks went live. I mean if it was a few hours I'd get it but this is not a short period of time now. And with 500 validators they've actually lost a lot of ETH already in activity leaks. So hopefully they can come back online before they get kicked out of the active validator set for being offline for too long. But yeah, I just wanted to highlight that even though there is a real money on the line there are still validators that are going to be offline for one reason or another. And I've said before, you know, people have asked me will we ever get to 100% participation rate on the Beacon Chain? I don't think so. There will always be at least one, right? It only needs one validator to be offline for any number of different reasons for us not to be at that 100%. But we have gone very very high before, like 99.5% plus percent which is obviously, you know... That kind of like percentage is fine. We don't need 100%. I mean in terms of like a block being missed in that 0.5% it wouldn't even happen once a year sort of thing. Like one block a year, that's 12 seconds, right? So we don't need it to be that high. And obviously as I've mentioned before the chain actually keeps finalizing with over 66% of the network online. So that's all well and good as well. But obviously we want it to be as high as possible and it should logically be 99 plus percent at all times. And if it does go offline a bit like we saw with Ballotrix, if there is a bunch that goes offline they quickly come back online. But it seems this whale didn't get the memo. Maybe they've lost their validator keys and they aren't able to kind of like access these or aren't able to kind of like upgrade here. Which actually wouldn't make sense now that I'm thinking it through. Losing their validator keys, they should still be able to update something here. I mean losing as in like, I don't know, forgetting the password. Oh no, if they forgot the password then yeah, I mean it would prevent them from going online. But I haven't heard anything about this so we're just going to have to see how that shakes out there. All right, so the final merge community call is happening on Friday September 9th at 1400 UTC. So as Trent says here, this will be the final one because obviously the merge is happening next week. So there won't be a need for any more of these merge community calls. So if you want to attend this, this is merge community call number seven. You can go check this out, I'll link it in the YouTube description. And speaking of calls, there is the mainnet merge call announcement from eStaker that was posted today by SuperFizz. This is that call that I've been talking about over the last few weeks that I'll be doing with eStaker and Bankless. This is basically the merge live stream, the main one that I think all the core developers and researchers are going to be on. So you can go to the YouTube link here and basically set a reminder to remind yourself to watch it. Obviously we don't know exactly when the time is going to be for the mainnet merge, but we do have those estimates so keep an eye on that. I'm very much hoping that it doesn't happen at something like 5am for me. I'm happy to pull an all-nighter, but I don't think I'll be very lucid. Maybe I will because of all the excitement from the merge, but I'm definitely hoping it happens around 11pm-12am because that is probably the best time zone that covers the whole globe. Because obviously we have Australian-based core devs and researchers that would love to be online for the event and not have to ruin their sleep schedule. But yeah, whatever time it's at I'm sure everyone's going to be there anyway. So Optimism has put out a thread around their approach to the merge and addressing a few questions here. So basically they said, many of you have been asking whether the merge will disrupt the Optimism network, in short it won't. The merge will not affect the Optimism network at all, meaning no downtime, no changes to the network and the positive withdrawals continue to work as normal. And obviously Optimism is going to be supporting only the Ethereum Proof of Stake chain. They're not going to be supporting any Proof of Work forks, which is natural. And I think that goes for pretty much every application in Ethereum. So when you think about that from that perspective, it kind of lends even more reason to these Proof of Work forks just being dead in the water. They're already dead in the water, but they're even more dead in the water. But you can read Optimism's full thread here for a further breakdown on how they're thinking about this. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. Alright, so speaking of Proof of Stake, Antiprosynthesis put out a reminder tweet today around common misconceptions around Ethereum Proof of Stake. So the first one is that people think you need 32 ETH to run a node. That is not true. So post-merge, or at least kind of like even pre-merge, running a full node is not something that requires 32 ETH to run. It doesn't require anything except a computer and the software. So it's better to kind of explain how this will work post-merge since we're so close to the merge. You just need to run an execution layer client and a consensus layer client together and join them up together with the JWT token. And that will allow you to run an Ethereum full node without any ETH requirement or anything like that. No miners, obviously. Nothing like that. Now, what you need 32 ETH for is to become a validator. So if you want to validate on the network, produce blocks, attest to blocks, earn rewards for doing so, then obviously you need that 32 ETH. Or I guess if you want to become a staker, you can just stake with a third party service. Now, I think this is a good distinction to make here because stakers and validators aren't the same thing. I would say a staker is someone who is just staking their ETH, whether that's through solo staking, third party, such as a centralized exchange, or running their own kind of like node through LSD, such as Rocket Pool, or I guess delegating their stake, so to speak, to something like Lido. That is a staker, but not necessarily a validator, right? Whereas a validator is someone who's actually running the validation client software, maybe locally on their machine or in the cloud or something like that. So there is a bit of new terminology that people have to get used to, but I think it makes sense because, as I said, like not all stakers are validators, right? But all validators are stakers. But that's, I guess, orthogonal to the point here in that you don't need 32 ETH to run a full node pre or post merge. You'll be able to do so by just running the client software. Now, second point that anti-pro synthesis brings up is that non-staking nodes are the same first-class citizens as proof-of-work and non-mining nodes, which obviously, what I was just talking about how the full node in pre-merge and the power or post-merge on the pause is the same. They're still first-class citizens. It doesn't matter if you're staking as a validator using that node or not. A full node is a full node. The third point here is stakers can't unilaterally govern the protocol beyond picking and ordering transactions. So these are all truths, but there obviously are the other side to them, which is people are getting the wrong idea. So Ethereum does not have on-chain governance under proof-of-stake. Like some chains do, but Ethereum does not. Just because you have more ETH than someone else doesn't mean that you have more power over the protocol than someone else does in terms of governing the rules. Obviously, if you control a larger share of the stake, you have a larger share over the blocks that you may propose and attest to. But the blocks that you may propose, the larger share over that means that you can maybe have bigger MEV profits or you can have a bigger impact on censorship on the chain and things like that. But you do not have a say over the rules of the protocol because there is no on-chain governance. That is done with the off-chain governance process that Ethereum has had since Genesis. And then he ends up by saying anyone who claims otherwise is misinformed and lying. I think the first point he brings up is the one that most people get confused by because of that new terminology that's being entered into the lexicon with validator. Because obviously, if you want to do like a one-to-one comparison with proof-of-work, it's a full node and a minor. Whereas, you know, post-merge, that would be a full node and a staker, right? But as I said, there is this other term validator, which is different to staker and I explained why before. So I think that people are getting a little bit tripped up by that and thinking that you need 32 ETH to become a kind of a full node on the network when, as I explained, you don't. So just always great to kind of reiterate on these points. And if you see anyone, I guess, like spreading this misinformation, whether willingly or unwillingly, or sorry, whether knowingly or unknowingly, just be sure to correct them on this. Because I think this is a really bad narrative that definitely needs correction. All right, so Jasper is out with a new Rockerpool thread today. So he starts off by saying, for years, people have been begging Rockerpool to start incentives to bring in our ETH demand and start a fortuitous flywheel in DeFi to beat steth. Friends, DJs, visionaries, please welcome your reborn LSD heavyweight, crazy APYs on main net on optimism of threads. So this is a thread all about RPL incentives and you can give it a read for a full breakdown here. But I agree with the people who have been saying, you know, you definitely need incentives to bootstrap things. There are some exceptions to that rule. It's funny because I was looking at the layer two landscape just before and Arbitrum has done an amazing job of bootstrapping their community and bootstrapping their ecosystem without a token. Right. But in reality, like that is the exception, not the rule. The rule seems to be that incentives are very, very good at driving demand. Now, whether that's long term demand or not depends on how good your product is, but they still work very well, very well. Now, obviously, I think Rocker Pool is an amazing product and I think that people who come into Rocker Pool, a lot of them are going to be sticky stakers. Just, you know, they're obviously earning more rewards and bringing in more R8 demand. But I definitely think that they'll be more sticky than your typical kind of incentivized user. So very cool to see this. Definitely give this thread a read. I'll link it in the YouTube description below for you. All right. So Marius from the Geth team announced or released something today that he's been working on for eight months, which is called SSPC or stupid simple payment. Channels. It's a payment channel library that aims to be as easy to include into existing implementations as possible. And you can check it out on GitHub here and also read Marius's thread for the rationale here. So basically, payment channels has been around for a while in Ethereum, actually quite a while now. And originally there was kind of a white paper talking about this and it became kind of like Plasma and that obviously became roll ups and state. And obviously it was Raiden or Raiden as well. But that's taken a back seat, but it doesn't mean that payment channels are a, I guess like are a dead end or anything like that. It's just that they haven't been worked on recently. And that's why Marius has come out with a repo that contains an implementation for very simple payment channels. And as he says, this implementation aims to provide a building block for developers to integrate payment channels into their own applications. So you can definitely go check this out. I'll link both. I'll link the thread in the YouTube description below for you to do so. But very cool to see payment channels are getting some love here, especially from an Ethereum core developer. Alright, so you know how I said that the eth.link domain expired the other day because Virgil Griffith is in prison and is unable to kind of like transfer it. Well, apparently there was, I guess like it was auctioned off and someone scooped it up for $852,000. Well now, ENS and Virgil himself have sued to stop the sale of eth.link. And there's actually a link here to the lawsuit in PDF form. If I load it up here, it's kind of funny that Virgil is a kind of like, is on this lawsuit. You can see here true names, which is ENS's parent company or the corporation they have and Virgil Griffith as an individual against GoDaddy for this registration here. So obviously they want to get this domain name back because it's something that is used extensively throughout the Ethereum ecosystem. And it is not great if we lose it to domain squatters or you lose it to anyone. Maybe they don't even want to sell it. They just want to sit on it, right? So yeah, you can read the full details of this lawsuit in the blog post. But I've seen, as I said before, there's been alternatives pop up like the eth.limo service, which you can go to Twitter to find information about them. And I think I mentioned them the other day as well. And there's been a few other ones, but eth.link, as I said, has a network effect right now, has a pretty big presence in the community. So getting it back into the hands of the right people, the right people, I guess, being the ENS DAO would be much more beneficial than just letting it kind of sit in limbo or letting it be held hostage. So you can go read this if you want. It's a legal document with the lawsuit. It's probably got a lot of legal speak in there that's boring to you, but you can read it. I'm not sure how this is going to go. It may kind of, it may go positive, it may go negative. We'll have to see, but I'll keep you guys updated on that as it progresses. All right, so Gitcoin Grants Round 15 has begun today. So this will be running until September 22nd right through the merge. And this is the biggest Gitcoin Grants Round ever. So if you haven't yet, you can go to Gitcoin and check out all the projects on there that you want to potentially donate to. There are thousands now. And you know, I've loved, I do love Gitcoin. I love all the open source and public good finding that they've been doing. But I think it's getting to the point where it's so big and there's so many projects that it's becoming extremely fragmented in terms of being able to find a project to donate to, getting money to the right projects. And obviously quadratic matching is amazing, but I don't know the solution here. There has been things that Gitcoin have done on their end to try and, I guess, fix the curation or at least make it much more friendly and ensure that people's projects are actually kind of floated to the top. But at the end of the day, these things are an attention game. Like the people with the most attention, the people that have the biggest reach to do marketing for their grants are going to most likely get more donations than those that don't. Now I don't have a list ready of the projects that I think you should donate to. But if you want to, please feel free to share things in the Discord channel with me. I won't guarantee that I'm going to cover it on the Refuel. But if I think it is something that is important to the ecosystem, that's something that needs funding, I'll be sure to shout it out on the Refuel and also on Twitter if I can. Because as I said, it's become very, very hard for projects to stand out, especially new projects. And we need to be able to get funding to the right ones. Because as an example, at the end of the day, you guys can donate to me on the Daily Guay, right? On Gitcoin. But like, I mean, I should probably just take it down at this point. Like, is the money going to do for me what it's going to do for another team? Probably not, right? Like, at the end of the day, like, for me, it's just a way for you guys to show appreciation. But it's not something that's going to break the bank, so to speak. Like, I don't need the money, right? Whereas there's projects out there that definitely do, and it can definitely move the needle for them. Even if it's only like $10,000 or $20,000, right? Like, for a project, obviously, that doesn't sound like much. But that could be something that gets them kick-started and allows them to raise money, you know, down the line. Because they've actually built a proof of concept or built something tangible that they can show investors and stuff like that, right? So I think that, obviously, I have a big reach. I haven't promoted my grant on Twitter this time, and I don't think I will this round. And I mean, I've mentioned that, obviously, on the refill. But like, the thing is, is that, as I said, like, the bigger the audience, the more reach you have, the more people that can see your grant. But I don't necessarily like that that's the case. So if you do come across grants that need more love, need more attention, please tag me in the Discord channel and link them to me. And I'll do my best to cover them on the refill and other channels that I have. Because I think that, at this point in time, it's all about getting the spotlight on the projects that seem underfunded and actually building amazing things for Ethereum. All right, so interesting tweet here from Ryan B. today, which is calling, I guess, ETHL2 init, which is basically like a little bit of a command line interface if you're used to these sorts of things on how to launch your own L2. Or at least like a concept on launching your own L2. As you can see here, it starts off, you know, which codebase would you like to use? Well, I'll use Arbitrum Nitro. Okay, using Arbitrum Nitro version, etc, etc. Which testnet to settle on? Ropsten. Okay, Ropsten, launching your L2. Done. And now my camera cuts off the rest of this, but it says your L2 is ready. Here's your RPC. Here's your Git repo. And please see this link for tutorials and stuff like that. Now, what Ryan B. is trying to show here is basically a world in which it's as easy to spin up an L2 as it is to spin up kind of like a normal piece of software that you'll see that has a kind of a capability to do this. And what this would mean is that within two minutes, anyone could spin up their own L2 on Ethereum. Now, we don't have something like this. And I think this is a reason why there's still some projects out there that are opting for maybe something like a Cosmos chain. Because they do have something that makes it very easy. They got the Cosmos SDK for people to spin up their own Cosmos chain. Now, will the L2s have this eventually? Yes. But I think we're going to have to put the pressure on for them to do this. There have been L2 specific implementations such as Arbitrum Nova for Reddit, right? But at the end of the day, we want people to be able to create their own AppChain L2s or their own generalized L2s using the existing infrastructure in a very, very easy way. Now, a lot of this infrastructure isn't totally open source. Maybe the L2 teams are playing protective here as well. They don't really want people forking them. But at the end of the day, they're going to get forked whether they want it to happen or not. So why not just make it easy and why not kind of like keep it in the family of your own technology, right? So I think this is a great idea. But I do understand from the L2 teams perspective why they don't want to promote something like this. Maybe they'll just do it themselves. But I think for L2s to really succeed and for people to want to use L2s or to choose to use L2s instead of spinning up new L1s or L1 AppChains, we need to make it easy for them to spin up L2s. Or I guess like build on existing L2s of course as well. So I thought this is just a very little cool little idea from Ryan B here. And I think that, you know, anyone could create this if they wanted to at the end of the day. Like this is not something that needs the L2 teams to create. If their code is totally open source and easily forkable on GitHub, then you could set this up yourself. Like literally, I mean, there are guides out there on how to write stuff like this. It's a very simple program. Like it's not even like, it's more of like a script that you would have to write that would just launch a bunch of commands that would do this. It wouldn't be very hard at all. So maybe someone will create it. Maybe someone is creating it right now. I don't know, but I still thought it was a really cool idea that I just wanted to share with you guys. All right. So Orbiter Finance has added a new feature which shows Layer 2 transactions against Ethereum mainnet transactions. You can visually capture the development of Layer 2 by looking at this. So you can see here the trend, right, L2s are gaining on L1. But I've explained before why L1 Ethereum transactions have basically flatlined. Because of the fact that there's only so much gas that can be used on Ethereum L1 and we've been at capacity for years now. So unless the gas limit increases, the number of transactions is probably going to stay relatively the same. That means that L2s are pretty much going to overtake L1 relatively soon, I would suspect. And then just keep going from there. Because at the end of the day, L2s are constrained by L1 capacity. But post-prod dank sharding, they're going to have so much space, it's going to be insane. They're going to be generating tens of millions of transactions per day easily, I think. Once we get that kind of like demand coming back, especially in a bull market. Once we have more apps that kind of launch on these sorts of things. So yeah, but I still think this is a cool kind of chart that they've got here to show this growth. But there's a massive kind of, I guess, like asterisk there that basically says, well, L1 is capacity constrained for executing transactions. And it's never going to be as scalable as L2. That's the entire point. So don't just look at this as, oh, look at the L2s, you know, they're beating L1. Look at it more of, look, the roll-up centric Ethereum roadmap is actually working. Like it's actually doing what we want it to do, which is obviously a very cool outcome for everyone. All right, so a source X here from Polygon has put out a teaser of Polygon ZK EVM testnet in MetaMask here. So you can see just the plastic screenshot of MetaMask that we're all well and used to by now with the Polygon ZK EVM testnet RPC being loaded up here. I think the last few months of this year will be defined by a lot of hype and a lot of kind of, I guess, like talk about ZK EVM testnets. Obviously, if maybe, I think it was a month ago at this stage, we saw the scroll announce theirs. We saw Polygon announced theirs. We saw ZK sync announce theirs and ZK syncs is launching in less than two months. I believe Polygon is launching by the end of the year. And I think scroll wants to do that as well as kind of like testnets, right? I think ZK sync wants to be on main net. It's going to be, I mean, timing and dates is always up in the air. Like we won't exactly know, but yeah, it's still cool to see that there's some movement happening here. It's all happening in the background, of course. I'm sure if you paid attention to the GitHub repos, you'd be able to see exactly what's happening. But yeah, cool to see that Polygon is making moves here and they're saying soon. I don't know how soon it's going to be, but hopefully very, very soon. All right. So Notional today announced a new product, which is they're calling a paradigm shift in DeFi lending, which they're calling Leverage Vaults. So Leverage Vaults give users highly leveraged exposure to the returns of select DeFi yield strategies. And max leverage varies by strategy, but users can expect 10 times plus. So here's how it works. Leverage Vaults are whitelisted smart contracts that execute specific yield strategies. Users can borrow at a fixed rate from Notional to deposit into Leverage Vaults. Users get leverage by borrowing more than their initial deposit. Notional can offer this safely because the assets in Leverage Vaults are held by Notional as collateral against the user's loan. If the value of the assets falls too low relative to the user's debt, they can be liquidated. So of course, there's that the usual risk is leverage here. And my usual disclaimers and warnings about leverage here that you should know what you're getting into when getting into these products. But this does mean that users get highly high leverage and Notional doesn't compromise on over collateralization. And here's an example of how this would work. A user borrows 700,000 USDC from Notional at 4%. The user deposits 100k of their own money plus the 700k they borrowed into the balance or a boosted stablecoin vault yielding 8%. After three months, if the strategy continues to yield 8%, the user will have made 9k USDC profit after repaying their debt plus interest to Notional. That's a 36% APY. Leverage Vaults benefit all Notional users. I'm not going to read out the rest of this, I've already read too much. You can read the rest of this thread here. But basically, it's leverage yield farming, just using a different kind of strategy here. You guys would have seen this plenty of times before. It's definitely something that's not totally new, but it is new to Notional and it is something very interesting, I believe. But as I said, the usual disclaimers here around leverage, like being careful when you're taking any type of leverage, understand where your liquidation points are, and make sure you don't just completely de-joint into these things and blow up yourself, especially before the merge. We don't want ourselves blowing up before the merge, that's for sure. But you can check out this and check out their blog post. I'll link it in the YouTube description below for you to do so. Alright, so I missed this the other day, but these are the August 2022 stats for ENS. 301,000 new.eth registrations, which comes in a bit lower than July, but not too much lower. $4.7 million in protocol revenue, which all went to the ENS DAO, of course. 2,744 eeth in revenue, which is the third highest month. 34,000 new eeth accounts with at least one ENS name, and 99% of OpenSea domain volume as usual. So ENS is still growing here. I mean, if you average this out, ENS is way up on their growth. Obviously, July was a big month for them, as you can see, but August was almost as big. It's kind of funny how we went from May being a huge month, June being less than half of May, and then July being bigger than June, and now August being just a little bit lower than June and July. So there is a randomness here. I don't know if I call it randomness. There is a volatility here to this, but the trend is up for ENS domain name registration. So very, very cool to see this. Very cool to see ENS still kicking goals, still growing because that's what we want to see from our premier naming service on Ethereum. All right, finally here, I have an update from Euler Labs, which is basically an update on how they've integrated Chainlink into Euler in preparation for the merge. Now, the reason they have done this and the reason they're disabling their TWOP oracles is because of that multi-block MEV risk that I talked about the other day. And just to rehash, it's because post-merge, stakers will know when they're proposing a block ahead of time, and there is a risk of big staking pools or people with a big enough share of the stake doing multi-block MEV and being able to take advantage of protocols that use TWOP oracles. So for the time being, Euler basically said, we're going to use Chainlink instead of TWOP until we can fix that issue on main net with SSLE or secret single leader election or single secret leader election, which not sure when that's coming yet, but that is obviously on the robot and I've talked about it before. So cool to see. I mean, I don't think Euler is going to remove Chainlink when they're able to enable their TWOP oracles again, because the whole point of Euler is to be able to do lending protocols, lending pools for the long tail of assets, and Chainlink doesn't have oracles for every asset. So they were using TWOP oracles on leveraging UNISOFT for it. But they're also apparently building a new product around this as well. I saw Michael from the founder of Euler commenting on this. They're coming up with something called EulerSwap. So I'm curious to see what that is. And I should disclose here that I'm an investor in Euler Labs as well. But I mean, I'm an investor because I think what they're building is extremely cool, of course. But just wanted to disclose that there. Now, there is one other thing that I wanted to talk about, but I forgot to have it up here. So I'm going to get it from my other tabs and put it here. So this website moneyprinter.info was created by David Mihal, the creator of the crypto fees website that we're all familiar with. Now, what this basically shows is the issuance rate of basically a bunch of different networks and protocols and DeFi apps and stuff like that. And the dollar term of the daily issuance. Now, this Ethereum issuance rate, I believe is proof of work only. And it may be factoring in the berm, but I'm not sure. But the proof of work issuance rate is around 4% anyway. Now, what is this in dollar terms? It is $20.6 million a day of new ETH being issued to proof of work miners who are obviously excelling most of that ETH because they're forced to sell it. And you can see other networks in terms of percentage are worse than Ethereum. Solana is at 6.7%. Avalanche is at 5%. And then there's some that are smaller, but obviously the dollar amount that they issue is much lower. Ethereum is issuing more in dollar terms than Bitcoin is each day, which is obviously not great. But in saying that, the asset is still performing incredibly well. It's still gaining on Bitcoin. So why is this? Well, there's a little thing coming up called the merge. I don't know if you've heard of it. And with the merge comes a massive issuance reduction. It's called the triple halvening, right? But it's more than a triple halvening immediately post-merge. For six to 12 months until withdrawals are enabled, issuance goes to, sorry, I shouldn't say issuance goes to zero. New ETH entering circulation goes to zero. Zero dollars a day of new ETH will be entering circulation for six to 12 months after the merge until withdrawals are enabled. That puts Ethereum basically on the bottom of this list. Bank call here is negative $105,000. I don't know if that's accurate, but if you factor in the EIP-1559 burn, then ETH will be negative as well. And the currently, I mean, the burn, let me have a look at the burn over the last seven days. I'm just going to ultrasound money here. Should have had this up. I forgot to get it up before, but here. The last seven days we've burned, actually, no, that's the wrong thing. The last seven days we've burned 8,284 ETH. If I do the math on that at 1600 per ETH, that is $13.2 million. And if I do 13.2 divided by seven, it's 1.88 million. So it'd be negative 1.88 million here factoring in the burn of daily new issuance entering the market. Now, of course, stakers are still going to be earning ETH. They just can't withdraw it. But just for that six to 12 months post merge, it's going to be negative 1 point whatever million it just was. I've forgotten the number already, but whatever that was there, right? Not factoring in the burn, it's literally $0. Going from $20 million a day to $0, right? Now, of course, the supply side is only one side of things. We'll obviously need to factor in demand. And if demand goes down enough, then the price is going to go down. But as I've explained before, if demand stays the same or even goes down a bit from where it is today, where it has been over the last month, logically, the ETH price should trend up because we have removed a $20 plus million of daily sell pressure because this is not just issuance going to parties that don't sell it. Miners have to sell it because they have to sell most of it to cover their cost, right? So I don't know how many times I can tell this to people. If this was happening in Bitcoin, you bet your ass every single person will be talking about this, right? Because everyone talks about the halvening leading up to it. This is way more bullish than a Bitcoin halvening, at least in my mind. Now, like I don't want to get too ahead of myself here. I'm not saying that immediately post merge, ETH is going to like giga pump. Like, no, not at all. But when you remove $20 plus million of daily sell pressure for six to 12 months, and then even when withdrawals are enabled, the sell pressure is just so small compared to proof of work, and then you factor in the burn, and then you have factor in all the narratives and all the natural demand ETH has from everything, you know, using ETH. And then obviously, post merge, the staking APY is going to bump up from where it is today probably to like 6%. You're going to have people buying ETH to stake it. The demand drivers are there. I'm not talking about this in a vacuum. Demand is there. Supply is there at the moment, but we're still outperforming Bitcoin, even though Bitcoin is issuing less, right? We're still outperforming a lot of these other networks. So there is demand there to buy ETH with this much issuance in the market. Now imagine what it's going to be like when that issuance goes to zero. Zero, guys. Like, I'm not even exaggerating here. It goes to zero for six to 12 months, right? That is just the bull case there. And look, you know, I know I'm getting really ahead of myself right now. I'm getting really bullish, but I needed to talk about this because once this hits you, once this sets in, you see very clearly, right? You see this very clearly. I've seen this very clearly for a long time now, but I want you guys to see it. I'm sure a lot of you do, but for those who don't, just want to reiterate that there. But also it's fun to do a little bullish rant from time to time. In saying that, it's not investment advice. I'm not saying go leverage your bloody house and buy ETH with it. No, I mean, not even I do that. Like, there is being safe, you know, managing your risk, and then there is being bullish. You can do both. You don't have to go all in, right? And obviously, when it comes to leverage, please use caution. But it's hard for me not to be incredibly bullish on ETH at this point in time and into the future. For the reasons I've outlined previously on the refill, I mean, I've talked about this so much. But that's the bullish rant for today. I'm going to end it on that. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.