 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sassano and today is the 18th of May 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So I came across this blog post today from a guy called Cole South. And he basically titled it, Why I don't own Bitcoin anymore. And it's a short blog post, I highly recommend giving it a read. But the reason it caught my attention and the reason I liked it so much, it was not because he said he doesn't hold Bitcoin anymore and he kind of like traded it for ETH, was that it was basically because all the points that he brings up in this piece are things that like I deeply resonate with and things that I've been talking about for a very long time when it comes to Bitcoin. So I just want to run through each of these points and kind of like expand on them a little bit. But I definitely still recommend going and reading the kind of blog post here. But yeah, so basically the first point he brings up is, you know, productive assets versus pet rock assets. And it's funny that he uses the term pet rock because I've been calling Bitcoin a pet rock for a very long time. Not just myself, but like a lot of new theory community have been saying that and kind of like it seems to have caught on a little bit here. But basically what he's saying here is that, you know, he prefers kind of like ETH as a productive asset. You can do things with it, right? You can stake it. You can use it as money. You can use it in DeFi. You can do all sorts of things with it. And then he, you know, he goes on to say, you know, fees represent demand for block space. And Ethereum's fees are 10 times higher than Bitcoin's fees in terms of like network fees there, which it just is driven by that utility value that ETH has over BTC here. And then he talks about kind of like Ethereum's transition to proof of stake. And, you know, how anyone will be able to kind of like stake their ETH and earn the yield, not just from the block rewards, but from the fear of a new as well. And then Cole brings up another point about Bitcoin facing serious security and decentralization issues. This has got to do with the dwindling block reward that I've spoken out before, where it's not going to take till 2140, you know, within the next like 10, I guess two or three halvenings, I should say, not 10 years. The next two or three halvenings, which is eight to 12 years, we're going to see Bitcoin security kind of like falter because of the fact that fee revenue just isn't keeping, sorry, making up for the loss in block reward. And unless the price of Bitcoin keeps going up in kind of like, I guess, USD terms, the security is going down over time because of that dwindling block reward there. And Ethereum doesn't have this problem because of the fact that Ethereum has perpetual block rewards, you know, as part of staking, there's no hard cap on ETH, but we have deflation or deflationary pressure on ETH via the ARP 1559 fee burning. So Ethereum security is guaranteed whether the network is being used or not, and whether kind of like we're generating high fear of a new or not because of the fact that we still have that perpetual block reward that gets paid out to stakers here. And then his next point was around ESG concerns are going to be hard for Bitcoin to shake. So this is something that I've spoken out before how I think that Bitcoin's narrative around kind of like proof of work is going to be very, very hard to defend. Like even if, and as I've stated before, even if Bitcoiners are totally right about proof of work being good for the environment because it encourages, you know, renewable energies, it encourages kind of like finding trapped energy and using that and all that sort of stuff. Like even if that is 100% true, it's way too complex to explain to most people, right? The most people aren't going to pay attention to those sorts of things. They need an easy narrative to latch onto. And Cole mentions in his blog post that the easy narrative that Ethereum has is that it's switching to proof of stake and it can just say, hey, we're not on proof of work anymore. We don't do mining. We do this proof of stake thing, which they use as 99.98% less energy than proof of work does. That's it. We don't need to do anything else. So Bitcoin is going to face a lot of headwinds from that kind of stuff. And I've spoken about that before as well. The Bitcoin community isn't pro capitalism, which I thought this was a really interesting point. I hadn't kind of talked about this too much, but basically he says, Bitcoin has generally been antagonistic toward new tokens and anything that generates wealth for a builder rather than BTC holders as a whole, whereas getting rich off of newly launched shitcoin is a badge of honor in the Ethereum community. I think he was being a bit fictitious here with it being a badge of honor just to get his point across. But yeah, the point is kind of like made there. Then he goes on to say, this has led to a vibe that's felt more like communism in Bitcoin versus capitalism in Ethereum. We know how this ends up. Innovation, progress and economic rewards end up with the capitalists. This was a very interesting point that I hadn't really seen articulated before. The fact that Bitcoin is ending up looking more communist than capitalist is kind of ironic and pretty funny to think about in terms of implications. But I think Cole is right here. Every kind of person within the Bitcoin ecosystem, any time that people try to make money outside of BTC, try to do tokens, try to issue new tokens, try to do anything, they get attacked for it. They get attacked pretty brutally for it. That kind of pushes builders away. There's like a massive brain drain in Bitcoin because of this. Then you can see Ethereum as a capitalist system where anyone can launch a token and it's embraced. People aren't kind of like yelled at for launching tokens and should just use ETH. There are some bits of that here and there, but it's not kind of like the mainstream narrative. Yes, a lot of these tokens don't outperform ETH, but that doesn't matter. As I've said before, 90 plus percent of real life businesses fail, 90 plus percent of crypto businesses are going to fail too. It doesn't really mean anything. A lot of stocks over the longer period may not even outperform something like an index, like the S&P 500. Just like a lot of tokens won't outperform ETH. But the point is that people aren't ostracized for doing this sort of stuff. They're actually allowed to do it. They're not kind of like shunned out of the community for doing it. So Ethereum becomes a more capitalist system than Bitcoin, much more, I think, at this point in time. And then a few other points here I'll just kind of like get through. He says the Bitcoin community is focused on tribalism over innovation. I mean, that's self-explanatory, guys. Anyone listening to the Refuel probably already knows just how tribal and toxic the Bitcoin community is. And that pushes innovation away. There's two more points. There's a few more points here. Bitcoin isn't performing as an inflation or bear market hedge. I mean, we have proof of that, right? Like this high inflation right now, Bitcoin is not kind of like trading as a hedge at all. And neither is ETH, to be fair, right? But ETH has never claimed to be an inflation hedge. Or at least most of the communities have claimed ETH to be an inflation hedge. But Bitcoin isn't doing kind of like what it's doing. And it's also not really acting as a bear market hedge anymore. ETH has kept up with it, right? It may be down a little bit more, but it's still kind of like kept up with it there. And on top of that, in terms of kind of like future performance, ETH just seems much more prime than BTC in kind of like my eyes there. And then there are kind of like few common talking points from kind of like Bitcoin is about Ethereum, such as Ethereum's emerging proof of stake will lead to a rich get richer scheme, which is totally inaccurate because proof of work, as Cole explains here, is actually more kind of like negatively associated with economies of scale and has higher barriers of entry because you have to basically be able to buy like a mining farm, essentially. You have to have so much capital up front to even get into the game. Whereas with Ethereum staking, not only can you stake on your own with just 32 ETH as a solo staker, but you can also join a pool, right? You can join a pool with any amount of ETH, be it a kind of like a staking pool or a centralized staking pool, or a decentralized one, or a centralized exchange, or anything like that, and earn the same percentage return on your ETH that everyone else is earning. But of course, like obviously, if you've put 10 ETH in and someone else has 100 ETH in, they're going to earn more than you, but still the percentage base is the same. So, you know, obviously, I don't agree with the rich get richer thing with proof of stake. And then they say Bitcoin will be able to do everything Ethereum can. I mean, obviously not, right? Not unless there was radical changes to Bitcoin. And then, and then kind of like, there's another talking point where it says, Ethereum has been saying that they are merging to prove a stake for seven years. This is true, but as Cole says here, it's actually happening now. It's actually around the corner. Like we have, I mean, obviously, like I talk about the merge a lot, but we have all the evidence that we need to see that it's happening. From the shadow forks to the testnet forks, you know, Robston next month forking over to prove a stake, and then hopefully the merge in August, right? Like, as I've been saying, I think it should happen in August, but it could happen a little bit later, but it's not like it's not going to happen. Like these, I mean, I struggle to call them delays, but like the reason the merge may take longer is just because we need more testing on it, right? Rather than it's not coming sort of thing. So there's that point as well. So anyway, I mean, I think I covered most of his points here. I still recommend giving the blog post to read because it does a great job of explaining each one of these points. But I just kind of like wanted to bring this up with you guys and highlight it. Because at the end of the day, these are things that have been discussed for a long time now within the Ethereum community. And the fact that they're becoming more of a kind of like entering the mainstream consciousness, becoming more mainstream narratives, I think is a really positive thing. Because it means people are opening their eyes to the kind of like unsustainable nature of Bitcoin as a whole. And how Bitcoin's future is very bleak. I actually am very, very bearish on Bitcoin. I'm not going to, some people say, oh, then short BTC. I'm not going to short BTC. Like we see pure scams go up in value during bull markets. Like why would I short BTC? I fully expect BTC to continue going up against USD into the future. Maybe at a slower rate than it has been traditionally. But I'm technically shorting Bitcoin by having ETH, right? People say, oh, that's not the right term of, you know, that's not the right use of the term short. Shorting, you know, borrowing and kind of like selling it and then buy back in cheaper, all that sort of stuff. I mean, I kind of like think you can use the word to say, you know, if you have ETH, you don't have Bitcoin, you're kind of like short Bitcoin. Because Bitcoin is like to say that they have BTC and they're putting the USD into BTC. And that means they short the US dollar, right? So I think that from that perspective, I'm already short Bitcoin both intellectually and on an asset basis. I'm just not going to short it against USD because of the fact that I'm just, that wouldn't work, right? Like I don't believe that would work as bearish as I am on it. It's still going to go up just because of the way crypto market cycles work. Anyway, I'll leave it at that. I spent 10 minutes talking about that. But I thought it was a pretty important thing to talk about. But there's a bunch of other things to go through. So let's get into them. So we have an update on client diversity today. So Michael Sproul, who manages clientdiversity.org here and builds a bunch of data to kind of like fit into that, has put together a pretty accurate kind of like, I guess, some data sets of what it looks like today. So as you guys know, over the last few months, there's been a big push around client diversity. And would you look at that? Prism is down to 40%, guys, like 40.43% from the 67 or 68% that it was at just a few months ago. This is one of the most positive things that's happened in Ethereum that I can remember. I know I've talked about this a lot before, so I'm not going to drone on about this too much here. But this is an amazing community effort. This wasn't done by a centralized party. This wasn't done by Vitalik or the Ethereum Foundation or the Ethereum core devs. This was pushed by the community, championed in large part by SuperFizz, who I've talked about a lot, but also the Eastaker crew and all the community around that. They really made this happen. They really reached out to the right people, such as exchanges, got them to change their clients. Coinbase was at like 95% Prism. Now I think they're at 60% Prism, which is a huge drop, right? That's absolutely crazy. It's awesome to see Coinbase doing that. And it's awesome to see just kind of like the supermajority just completely gone now. This is what a healthy beacon chain looks like. As I've discussed before, having 25% split across all four clients, all four of the major clients is a pipe dream. That's not going to happen. But I think like the way it is right now with 40% Prism, 33% Lighthouse, 16% Teiku, 10% Nimbus, and 0.02% Lodestar is an amazing beacon chain kind of like diversity here, right? The health right there is awesome. Like, yes, obviously we can be doing better still. We could get Prism and Lighthouse into the green zone and get Teiku and Nimbus up a bit more. But this is more than I think we could have asked for in such a short period of time as well. So I am very, very happy with this. I am just so happy for the community that we made this happen. And I hope to continue to see client diversity kind of be adhered to as kind of like more people stake their ETH. All right. So I kind of like wanted to do a little kind of like short bullish rant today. I was thinking about the merge again today as I always do. And I put out this tweet where I said, a network transitioning from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake is unprecedented, especially a network as big as Ethereum. Because of this, the implications of the merge are not well understood by almost all market participants, ergo the merge is not priced in. Now, I think this is, I'm not going to pat myself on the back too much, but I think this is a pretty good one tweet description of why the merge isn't priced in. Like if the merge is fundamentally misunderstood by almost all market participants, if people don't understand the implications of what the merge brings with it, if people still don't believe the merge is going to happen, then how can the merge be priced in on a market basis? Well, it technically can't, right? And I think that I've made the case plenty of times for why I believe it's not priced in, but I think this just kind of like explains it. Like something being priced in means that most of the market is already aware of it and already aware of the implications of it and kind of like have kind of like priced in any future price action around it. I don't think that's the case at all for the merge. I think that the market is severely underpricing what the merge is going to do for ETH, even with the bearish backdrop of the macro environment. I don't know, like I don't understand how the market can be underpricing tens of millions of dollars worth of kind of like ETH sell pressure from block rewards just evaporating instantly. And you know, Hal Press on that Bankless interview talked about this a lot, but it's too logical to think about it. It almost makes me kind of like question my sanity sometimes, where I'm just kind of like, how do more people not understand this? And I know some of you kind of like talk about this as well, where you say like, this seems too good to be true. It's too good to be true that there's something like this big and this big of a deal can't be priced in yet. And people can't understand it yet. Well, guys, like I've given you examples before over how little understanding people have over this. People still think the merge is going to reduce gas fees. People still think that all the staked ETH is going to be unlocked at the merge. And I'm even coming across new narratives lately around people complaining that the APY, the yield is dropping on the beacon chain because more ETH is being staked. They don't even understand how kind of like the rewards are generated for stakers. So there's just so much bad information out there and so many bad narratives that in my mind, there is a 0% chance that the merge is priced in. I think the merge isn't priced in at all, to be honest. And I don't even think like, I don't even think 1559 is priced in. Like, I think the price of ETH is lower right now than it was when 1559 came out. So I don't know, to me, this is just all like generational buying opportunities. You know, I'm not going to kind of like say that in the short term, we can't go down more than we can. Of course we can. You know, I'm not going to say that 1700 is the bottom or anything like that. But in the long term, I don't know, I just feel like buying today, and this is an investment advice, but I just feel like buying today kind of like is going to be fine for the long term. And that's what I keep doing. Like, and I think that if you can't stomach the volatility of ETH over the short term, then maybe just don't buy it at all. Because ETH is extremely volatile, regardless of how strong the fundamentals are, it's volatile due to the fact that this is crypto and crypto is going to crypto, right? But anyway, I'm going to be wrong for that. I didn't want to spend too much on that, but I did want to kind of like bring it up. All right, so speaking of ETH staking, Coinbase announced today that they're going to be spinning up their own kind of like liquid staking implementation targeted at enterprises. Now, the reason why I think this is interesting is because I've been saying for, I guess, like the last couple months on the topic of like Lido stake centralization, that the business opportunity for Ethereum staking is absolutely massive. And because of this, there's going to be more players entering the game over time. And these players aren't just going to be small shops, they're going to be big players. And we're seeing this come to fruition right now. Like Coinbase entering the liquid staking game is going to take market share away from Lido. Rockerpool kind of like making changes to their liquid staking kind of like pool is going to take market share away from Lido. Swell is launching soon, going to take market share away, right? And the thing is, is that at the moment, Lido from where it's at, so let's say Lido is at 30% of the network right now, that can't actually go down. Even if people sell their st ETH for ETH and then go stake somewhere else, the ETH locked in the beacon chain as part of Lido is still there until withdrawals are enabled. So it's really up only, and not just for Lido, for every staking provider, it's up only because they can't withdraw from the beacon chain yet. And that's why I've said to you guys before that we're going to see a great reshuffling after withdrawals go live on the beacon chain. Because I think a lot of people are going to kind of like reshuffle where they're staking their ETH and they just can't do that right now. No ETH can be removed from anywhere once it's been put in there because of the fact that the withdrawal is unenabled. But yeah, I'm super excited to see that Coinbase is doing this. I think an enterprise grade kind of like enterprise targeted liquid staking kind of extended is key to kind of like getting a lot of these, I guess, traditional kind of like people on board to staking ETH. And it's going to drive a lot of demand for ETH, I believe, as an asset. So this is a very, very bullish kind of like news. And I didn't see many people talking about it today, but I think this is great. And I think it's really great for competition around kind of like liquid staking as well. Because I mean, I think post withdrawals, Lido's share is going to come down and I think that Lido is also doing a bunch of things to try and control how fast they can go and stuff like that. But they got too big too quickly. But at the same time, I think that as I think I said this, like they got so big that other people have now taken notice and being like, well, if Lido was able to get so much ETH staked in such a short period of time, let's compete with them. Let's kind of like spin up our own servers and let's do it. Let's kind of like target the same customers Lido is targeting and offer them a better experience and leverage kind of like our own brand, which is what Coinbase is doing. So yeah, the business opportunities there that's being seized. Great to see it. If you want to read more about this, I'll link the blog post in the YouTube description. All right. So just to kind of like quick shout out here to Trent Van Epps who shared a kind of like mailing list you can join all about kind of like Ethereum network upgrades, test nets and security. So this link you can click here and you kind of like can subscribe to it, not like a normal newsletter. It's kind of like a Google group that you can kind of join with your Gmail and you'll be able to kind of like see all the updates there. I'll link that in the YouTube description for you to check out. So Chris Hager here has built a new tool called TxUncalled.metacris.com, which is a tool to check if an Ethereum transaction was uncalled. An uncalled transaction was originally mined in a block that was then uncalled, which sends the transaction to the mempool from where it's been mined again and hope it's useful to some he says. So for those of you who don't know, an uncalled block is basically a block that was kind of like mined but wasn't included in the canonical chain. So miners are still rewarded for this in kind of like ETH rewards, not as much as the normal block reward but in kind of like what's called uncalled rewards. And this block just doesn't make it into the canonical chain, so it just kind of like gets discarded, right? So what this tool allows you to do is kind of like seeing if your transaction was included in an uncalled block and then kind of like what block it was included in when it kind of like got into the canonical chain there. So pretty cool tool, bit technical but definitely check it out if you haven't already. So Coinbase, I should have mentioned this before, but Coinbase announced another thing at Permissionless. We're going to be allowing people to claim their ENS within the Coinbase wallet. So I discussed Coinbase wallet yesterday and how they kind of like doing a bunch of DeFi integrations within the wallet. Now they're doing ENS, which is awesome. I mean, everyone should have their own ENS name, right? Like it's kind of like the, it's like kind of like a domain name but I guess like even more important because not everyone has their own domain name, right? But everyone should have their own ENS name tied to their kind of like public Ethereum address in order to do a bunch of different things. And obviously when we have more privacy tools, that's going to be even better and even kind of like safer for people. But very cool to see Coinbase kind of like partnering directly with ENS to allow for this sort of stuff. Because it's just going to get more adoption of ENS. And it really seems like Coinbase is going all in on Ethereum right now. I think for me to, I've been critical of Coinbase before, but for me to like really love Coinbase again, I want to see them support layer two networks like ASAP. They spoke about it like six months ago and they still haven't kind of like supported it. So I really want to kind of like see them support these layer two networks relatively soon. Because of the fact that they've just been dragging their feet here on this. But I remain hopeful. I think they should be able to do it soon. Especially because they have like something like 5,000 employees now. Surely some of those people are working on those integrations, right? So we'll have to kind of like see how that shakes out. But great to see them supporting ENS as well. Alright, so another thread from Bartek here today from L2Beat. Basically summarizing the upcoming Bridges risk framework that is going to be live on the L2Beat website. Now I spoke about this when Bartek talked about it, I guess like a few months ago. Putting together like a risk framework around Bridges themselves. Obviously there's been a lot of hacks and exploits and kind of like things happening with Bridges over the last few months. So it's very important that there's kind of like a risk framework put in place. So people will be able to see what the risks are of each Bridge that they're using. How it works, right? Like as I've discussed before, not all Bridges are created equal. There's different types of Bridges. A lot of them have multi-sigs. Still a lot of them are just pretty much completely centralized. Some of them don't even have multi-sigs. They're just like literally centralized. So this is just kind of like an update from Bartek. It's a thread. So definitely give it a read. You know, I'll link it in the YouTube description for you below. Alright, so a couple of things out of Polygon today. So that Polygon Nightfall thing that I teased yesterday is them announcing that the Polygon Nightfall kind of like optimistic roll-ups such as ZK roll-ups or hybrid solution is now live in mainnet beta on mainnet, which is very, very cool. So they're saying here Nightfall is the most efficient blockchain solution for enterprises, enabling businesses to orchestrate private transactions for use in supply chains and other key business functions. This is really cool because as I've said before, guys, like the number one blocker, I think for businesses to use the public chain or to use kind of like public Ethereum or public layer twos or anything like that is privacy concerns. Now, Polygon Nightfall, August Nightfall has been worked on since 2018 as part of EY. They've been doing this for a very long time. They've got a lot of enterprise connections, a lot of business connections, and they're basically giving them exactly what they want with something like this. So it may not be as interesting to kind of like us retail people, but I think in general, it's very interesting for businesses and it's going to onboard a lot more businesses and it's going to unlock a lot more use cases that have been dreamed about such as supply chain use cases, but haven't actually been actualized within Ethereum for a number of different reasons. And I think privacy and scale are those two major reasons. And that's exactly what Polygon Nightfall aims to address here. So very cool to see this live on mainnet in a beta fashion. And I think they also kind of like said that in Q3, Q4, it will be going to kind of like a full mainnet release and kind of like coming out of beta. So that's really, really cool to see as well. And second Polygon update was that they launched a developer fellowship program, which is designed in collaboration with Devfolio, which is Devfolio is India's largest hackathon organizer. And you can apply to this fellowship program at this link here, which of course I'll link in the YouTube description. And it's going to be an eight week mentor led program for you to take the next step in your web three development journey. So if you want to be a developer within web three and you just basically have no kind of like existing skills with this sort of stuff, you don't know where to begin, then this might be something for you to apply to. Obviously, Polygon and Devfolio are big names here, so you're not just signing up with just anyone. I highly encourage you guys to just kind of like sign up to this. And you can see down here the mentors that are going to be a part of this. I think I've shouted this out before. Now that I'm looking at the mentors, I think that I have I have I shouted this out before this? This is kind of looking very familiar to me. But regardless, I think you should kind of like go sign up to this and kind of like apply now. It'll be linked in the YouTube description below. All right. So this account on Twitter called Freeza today put out a teaser of something they're working on where they said switching networks slash L2 should be as easy as opening a new tab and you should be able to use different networks on a per tab basis. This will make working across L2 is much easier. I'm designing a concept dapp browser with some of these ideas. Now it's kind of hard to see what this is in the GIF here, but you can kind of like see this each tab that they kind of like changing to their network changes in this kind of like bookmarks bar. You can see they're on optimism here and they can change to the network with just the kind of like switch of a sorry, the press of one of these kind of like tabs here and they switch to another tab and it's already on a different network. Right. That's really cool. I think that's improving the user experience greatly and making it more seamless. But as I've discussed before, I think that the most seamless integration for users to kind of like use multiple networks, whether they be other networks or L2s is going to be just abstracting it away completely from for them. Right. And just kind of like having all these products built on top. They don't even know that they're using kind of crypto in the background. And the funny thing is Terra was actually succeeding at doing this because there was a lot of neo banks, which are like two finance built on top of the anchor protocol and allowing people to kind of like just not have to deal with all the block chany stuff and just put their dollars in and earn a yield. Now obviously there are, it's like a double edged sword. A lot of people weren't aware of the risks and a lot of people lost money and obviously like Terra went to zero. But I think that the core concept of being able to build these is really the easy to use finance for using kind of like maybe the less, the least risky kind of like products on Ethereum and on these L2s is going to be a big theme going forward. And I think Coinbase is definitely leading the charge there with their mobile wallet app. But as far as I know, they don't have an easy way to switch between networks either. Like I'm talking dead simple, you know, just abstracted away from the user and just give them kind of like a one to two click kind of experience where they can start doing what they want to do with it. But still cool to see other people taking a stab at this. I think this is just like a vast improvement over what we have already. And I'm looking forward to seeing kind of like work on this continue. All right. So Lyra's Avalon upgrade is now live in a gated fashion on the Optimism main net. So you can go to Avalon.app.lyra.finance and you can kind of like play around with it if you qualify, which is really cool to see. Now for those of you who don't know, Lyra is an options protocol on Optimism. They launched natively on Optimism. They've been around for quite a while now. They're kind of like part of the synthetics ecosystem and I've spoken about them before. So definitely go check them out if you haven't yet. Now speaking of options, I did want to talk about one thing. I know that Hal Press talked about options in his Bankless podcast. And because of that, a lot of people are now kind of like looking at options being like, oh, there's one option I think that Hal talked about where you could buy it. And if it is buy it like I think $47 per option and then if it is over $5,000 or is that $5,000 or more by December, you could kind of like exercise that option and make a lot of money. Right. But I think people would just really fundamentally misunderstand options and don't understand what they're getting themselves into. Buying them is a lot less risky than selling them. But still, you suffer from like decay on these options over when you buy them. It's basically a kind of like degen gamble bet on the price of something. It's a period of time. And if it expires worthless, which is the term used to basically say if it doesn't reach $5,000 by the expiry date, which is sometime in December, then you get nothing. Like absolutely nothing. They're worth zero, those options from there. So I think Lyra has got a bunch of educational material around options. So if you do want to learn more about it, definitely check out their website for that. But yeah, I think it's just topical because I saw some people in the disco channel discussing this and I just want to kind of like urge caution here, guys. Like options are some of the kind of like most complicated financial products and they're not just the crypto thing. They're obviously just in the traditional finance world for a while. And if you don't understand what you're getting yourselves into, you can end up losing money. So definitely losing all of your money. So definitely kind of like check out Lyra's documentation and kind of like educational materials around this to learn more about options. All right. Just an update on the terrorist situation. So apparently Luna and UST Korean investors have filed both civil and criminal lawsuit lawsuits against Do Kwon for committing fraud. They also filed to order a provisional seizure freeze of his assets. They are represented by a legal firm LKB and Partners, which apparently is one of the biggest legal firms in Korea, in South Korea. Which is not surprising to me that this has happened. I said that Do Kwon is either going to end up in prison or in lawsuit hell or potentially both. This is just the start. He's going to have lawsuits coming at him for a long time. Maybe not till the day he dies. He's quite young, but like for a very long time, right? And I think that it's not just going to be from individuals. It's going to be from kind of like whatever Korea's securities regulator is and other kind of like such institute kind of like regulators like that. It's not going to be a good time for him at all. And the fact that they're still trying to revive terror, like with terror 2.0 and things like that and get the ball rolling again. I'll be honest. I think the only people cheering that on are ones that are hoping to get a bailout and get some money out of terror again. And they're just going to dump their asses as soon as it goes live. So I'm not obviously not bullish on any of that sort of stuff. And I'm obviously not bullish on Do Kwon's future either. Like it doesn't seem like he's got much of a future ahead of him. That's for sure. All right. Last up here. I just wanted to kind of like say something. I put out this tweet today where I said there are so many things I want to say, but don't because I'm not anon. Maybe it's time to start an alt and by ultimate like an anon alt. Look, as you know, I go on my rant sometimes on the refuel and I can get pretty spicy on Twitter. I'll be honest. Like what I do on my reef on the reef, you know what I do on Twitter is like 1% spice. Like I have a lot of things that I would love to say that I'm not just saying out of like rage or I'm not just saying kind of like out of wanting to hate on something or being an asshole. There's a lot of truth. I want the truth. I want to speak, but I can't because it's a, it's like a massive reputational risk for me because I'm not anonymous. There's so many people I want to call out for all the bullshit that they do. And I do, I do tend to call out some of it, right? But as I said, that's like 1% of what I, what I want to say. And I feel like the only way I could start saying that sort of stuff is if I started an altar count, but it kind of defeats the purpose because I would have to build that altar counts following up right in order to get more eyeballs on it. I run the risk of people finding out that it's me and a kind of like, I just, I don't think that's a very healthy thing to do either. Me just being on like two accounts and kind of like, you know, on my altar count, there's like full of kind of like a hate, maybe not hate, maybe hate's the wrong word, but kind of like full of negative stuff and things like that. So I don't think I'm going to do it, but yeah, just, just know that like, there are a lot of people like me who will say things in private to their kind of like to their trusted friends and stuff like that. That won't say that publicly. And it's not just like me and my friends. There's a lot of people that do this. All the docs people that you know of, I guarantee you guys, like pretty much all of them, I know is for a fact, have thoughts that they broadcast privately that they would never in a million years say publicly. And they're true things, right? They're very, very true things. But the social cost is just too high a lot of the time. And you actually saw a perfect example of this with, with Tara, a lot of people didn't want to call out Tara and dokwan because there was a big social risk of doing so while Tara was working, then Tara collapsed and look at how many people came out of the woodwork, right? Look at how many people kind of came and said, you know, this was always going to blow up all by this is I always believe this sort of thing because then it was safe to do so. It was no longer a reputation or social risk to do so. So I think there's going to be more of those in the future, but I'm going to like not kind of like be as spicy as I want to be on, on kind of like my public Twitter, even though people have said that I should be because yeah, it's just too much of a risk for me. I have too, too much of a fault, too big of a following. I have, I don't want to turn my Twitter into kind of like constant complaining and toxicity and kind of like, you know, sounding like an asshole all the time. So I will still call out things that I believe to be like total bullshit and that I believe, you know, should still be called out. But yeah, there are certain things that I just won't be able to say on my public account, which is unfortunate, but that's kind of like how the world works, I think. I'm sure you guys have different opinions and thoughts on this. I'd love to hear them in the Discord channel if you want to share them with me. But yeah, that's kind of like what I wanted to end this episode on today. So I think that is going to be it. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.