 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the daily gray refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host the Anthony Sosano and today is the 6th of April 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So an update on the Axie Infinity Ronin bridge hack. So Axie Infinity or Sky Mavis, the company behind Axie Infinity, has raised 150 million dollars in a funding round led by Binance with participation from Animoca Brands, A16Z, Crypto, Paradigm and a bunch of others here. So the round combined with Sky Mavis' balance sheet funds will be used to ensure that all users affected by the Ronin validator hack will be reimbursed. So you'll remember that the hack was quite large, it was hundreds of millions of dollars and it left a big hole on the Ronin sidechain where it needed to be filled and it's been filled. I always look at this sort of stuff and think it's awesome for users, it's a big positive, but man there's a lot of money in this ecosystem. Now of course Binance and others didn't just throw this money at Sky Mavis and said, here plug the hole, it's all well and good. I'm sure they got some preferential deal treatment here, whether that was to buy equity in the Sky Mavis company or buy AXS tokens or buy our Ronin tokens or all of it, right, as part of this deal. I'm not sure exactly what the deal terms were, but this isn't just a charity thing, of course. So I mean I'm very happy that this has happened, but I wonder what the threshold is for how big a hack needs to be before it can't actually be covered. Like is it a billion dollars, is it two billion dollars, is there a certain amount that will just not be able to be covered? And I think maybe it doesn't really depend on the amount and more so depends on the project. So for example, there was, I remember a project called Big Data Protocol or something like that, that had some ridiculous liquidity mining program and it managed to attract over a billion dollars of TVL quite quickly. Now I haven't heard of these projects since then, I don't know if they're legit or not or anything like that, but you know what if that kind of like got hacked and what if the funds got drained from that? Would that poll been able to have been plugged? And I don't think so, I really don't. So I think it really does depend on the project rather than the amount stolen because there are some projects out there that just won't be able to get the money in order to plug the hole, even if it's five or ten million dollars, they're probably, you know, if they can't find outside money, if they don't have the money themselves to plug the hole or if they can't find some other way to do it, then it's just not going to get plugged, even though it's a smaller amount than something like, you know, the Ronan validator hack or the wormhole hack that we saw. And don't get me wrong guys, like I don't, I'm not trying to kind of like moralize whether it's kind of like good or bad, that these kind of things happen, I'm just trying to get to a point where I can reason about how big the hack needs to be for it to not be covered. And it's a shitty thing, like I imagine, you know, if the hack was so big, it's like a five billion dollar hack and so many people's funds were in it and it was just too much for it to be covered. Maybe some of it was covered, maybe a portion of it was. But, you know, imagine a scenario where it's just so big that not everyone can kind of be made whole. And there will be stuff like this happening, I reckon. I don't think this is like a kind of like a far-fetched thing to say, because these bridges, especially, as I've mentioned plenty of times before, hold so much money in them. They are just absolutely massive targets for attackers, especially the ones that are just secured by multisig. So just something to keep in mind there, but I'm very, very glad that, you know, SkyMavs was able to find the funds in order to plug the hole here, because it's users funds at the end of the day. It's kind of like, it's not just one user, it's like all of the users on the run and kind of like side-channel a lot of the users playing Axie Infinity. And a lot of the people playing Axie Infinity, trading Axies, you know, breeding all that sorts of stuff and doing everything on there, are just regular everyday people, then not necessarily quantum crypto people, because the Axie Infinity ecosystem was able to attract a lot of outside people that weren't into crypto at all, and aren't necessarily into crypto things like DeFi and DAOs and stuff like that. They just like playing this game, they're like earning money from it, and doing kind of like all the breeding and other stuff that goes on in the game there. So yeah, cool to see this, just wanted to kind of like update you guys, because news of this only broke a few hours ago, so it's still fresh and yeah, good to see this hole is being plugged here. All right, so I woke up today and everyone was going on about gas fees spiking to like thousands in Gwei again. And I missed this, I think it went up to like 3500 plus Gwei for a short period of time. And of course it was because of an NFT mint, it was the Vaynerchuk or Gary Vee's brother, I think, was doing an NFT project and it went absolutely bonkers. I believe more fees were kind of like lost to failed transactions and got burnt than the project actually made. If I kind of like scroll down, I can't remember the tweet, I don't think I've got the tweet on my feed here, but basically, yeah, there was a tweet about how like just a lot of money just got kind of like burnt because of this kind of like high gas prices. And I think it was about 4000 ETH that got burned from this NFT project in like an hour, I think, in the ultrasound money thing here. Yeah, 4400 ETH was vaporized in an hour, so it was burned in an hour. 4000 of that, I believe, was this NFT project, which is just crazy, right? That's a crazy amount of money and a crazy amount of ETH to just be burned in one hour there. So that happened there. And then we also had a new burn record in one block. So 106 ETH was burned in one block due to the gas price being this high, all the base fee being this high. And we had two of those in a row. Like you can see here that there was 106 ETH in one block, and then a minute later, 106 ETH again, which is just crazy, which beat the kind of like record, which is just, I mean, when you kind of like think about this, guys, like that's like, that's not a small amount of ETH, that's a lot of ETH, that's a crazy amount. And it really is crazy to see like how much ETH that we burn every time sort of this stuff happens. And the last burn record was set seven months ago with 95 ETH being burned in a block. And I believe that was an NFT mint as well. So, I mean, just insane to see that NFT mints are still doing this sort of stuff and still able to attract such fervor. What's even more insane to me though is that this NFT mint was done on layer one. I believe that Gary V or his team or like his company, whatever, have done NFT mints on layer two before and have done them on Immutable X. So why did they go back to Ethereum layer one? It doesn't make any sense to me. They left money on the table because so many people were willing to spend so much money to get into this thing. So they could have made even more money for themselves and they just gave users a really shitty experience. Like, yeah, okay, cool, you burned a lot of ETH, that's all well and good. And we thank you for your sacrifice. But at the same time, just from a user experience perspective, it didn't make much sense to me that they did it like this. And maybe it was the path of least resistance for them, I'm not sure. But yeah, it ended up in us kind of like setting new burn records per block and burning over 4000 ETH in an hour, which was just crazy. But yeah, crazy to see that. I just wanted to kind of like highlight that for you guys. All right, so I saw this tweet from Frank Chaparro. He shared this where he kind of like captions this screenshot saying, in which Citigroup researchers note that USDC and Tether, stablecoins pegged to $1 have underperformed and struggled against US equities. What? What? Like, and then I quote tweeted this by saying, and people say the merge is priced in. And my point in saying that is that there are so many people out there, especially outside of the crypto ecosystem, that have absolutely no idea what's going on. For Citigroup researchers to say this means that they have absolutely no idea what a stablecoin is. And it literally takes them two seconds of research to kind of see what a stablecoin is. And it's just, I mean, this is so bizarre. Like when I read this, I'm like, really, is this actually a thing? Or is Frank just like late April Fool's joke? But this is real. And then, you know, Frank went on to say that several people reached out to him to say that that type of stuff made them leave Citi. And apparently a bunch of people have left about 15 moves from Citi to a range of crypto companies. So yeah, I mean, the brain drain's real there. But, you know, as I quote tweeted here, when I said, and people say the merge is priced in, guys like, if Citigroup researchers who are, I guess, supposed to be, you know, smart and supposed to kind of like know their shit when it comes to this sort of stuff, are getting something as simple as, you know, stablecoins wrong. Like, do you really think that they could even understand the implications of something like the merge, let alone ETH token economics, let alone, you know, the burn, let alone anything when it comes to ETH and Ethereum? Like, as I've said plenty of times on the refill, you guys are so ahead of everyone else, it's insane. And I think a lot of people are just now trying to wrap their head around, especially these institutions, just trying to still wrap their head around how Bitcoin works and what makes Bitcoin valuable, let alone what makes Ethereum, the Ethereum network tick, and what makes ETH valuable, let alone understanding the implications of things like the merge and burning ETH and all that sort of stuff. So it's all coming, they'll get there eventually. But the thing is, is that you're still front running the opportunity here by being in the ecosystem so early. Like, think about the fact that they don't understand Bitcoin, they don't understand stablecoins, they don't understand Ethereum. Like, how long is it going to take for them to understand those and then think about how long it's going to take for them to understand things like DeFi, things like NFTs. Just, they'll get there, don't get me wrong. It's not like they're never going to understand it, but it's going to be so far into the future that by the time that they kind of like clue into it, they're basically buying our bags, so to speak, right? And I've actually talked about this before where I've said, this is where the wealth transfer comes from, where a lot of the old money just kind of like is in these institutions and these institutions invest this old money on behalf of the people that held them, the older generations, and they're going to be buying crypto a lot later. So a lot of the early adopters are obviously young people and when they, you know, and these kind of institutions coming in and buying crypto, by doing so, they're pushing the prices up and the young people who got in earlier benefiting most from the prices going up, of course. So that's where most of the great wealth transfer is going to come from. Basically this extreme information asymmetry and this extreme kind of lag between the early young, I mean, not everyone's an early young adopter, there are adopters of all age groups here, but on kind of like a macro scale, you really have like young people tend to adopt new technologies much, much quicker than the old generations do. And typically it hasn't actually been a wealth transfer because there wasn't like value attached to it. There were stocks attached to tech companies and yes, there was some value, some wealth transfer there, but a lot of these tech companies went through the traditional kind of like path of raising up to like a series D or series E, then going public. And obviously, you know, trading of stocks and stuff like that until recently has not really been something that people did. They just kind of did it to their broker, whether they were young or old. Whereas now, you know, young people are much more involved with investing, especially on the crypto side of things, you're able to get access to tokens at a much kind of like earlier stage or at least opportunities in a much earlier stage of their life cycle. And all the information is out there for you to kind of like digest and understand yourself and do all your research yourself in real time whenever you want. And there's a massive lag between you doing that and the older generations or the older money doing that, because they'll probably never do that themselves. They rely on these institutions such as Citigroup to do that for them. But if Citigroup kind of gets stablecoins right at this point in time, like stablecoins are the easiest thing to get right in the secret system. Literally, the USDC and Tether are both pegged to $1. There's your explanation of the stablecoins, right? I mean, it's not even a difficult thing. So if they can't even get that right, good luck getting anything around Ethereum right for a very long time. And by that point, Ethereum probably worth trillions of dollars in market cap, and they'll be kind of like buying into an asset they could have bought a lot earlier if they just took the time to do their research. This isn't rocket science, guys. Like, really, at the end of the day, you know, a lot of Ethereum stuff is technical, but actually understanding the kind of like ETH valuable cruel properties is, I mean, it can be explained to you at a high level, I believe. It is not something that requires a PhD in rocket science to understand. So I don't really get why people don't kind of like look deeper. I'll just dig a little bit deeper here. It could be laziness. It could be just like fear of the unknown. You know, I talk to people in real life all the time that as I, you know, I've explained this before where I basically said that, I think I've said this on the refill before, where within 10 to 15 minutes of me explaining, you know, crypto and Ethereum to people, they have a totally different view on it than what they had before, because all they hear is the mainstream media kind of like headlines. They hear the scams, they hear the pump and dumps, and they don't hear all the stuff about the technology. And yeah, as I said, within 10 to 15 minutes, I give them the rundown, the high level rundown, and then, you know, most of the time they're actually pretty interested, and sometimes they're just like, oh, this isn't for me, whatever, blah, blah, blah. But I think 100% of the time they all come away thinking of crypto differently than they did before. And that's simply because, I mean, the mainstream media is not going to talk about tech most of the time. Like, you know, them just talking about the merge and is kind of like surprising enough to me. And I think the only reason they're doing that is because it has price implications. They're not going to talk about stateless Ethereum and sharding and vertical trees and all that sort of stuff. They're not going to talk about layer twos unless kind of like they're talking about layer twos in the context of making money on them with tokens. It's just the way it is, guys, at the end of the day. So, yeah, I've gone off on a little bit of a tangent there, but I just wanted to kind of, I guess, illustrate just how much information asymmetry still exists and will exist for probably decades to come. And there's lots of alpha to be had in that. So, yeah, anyway, moving on to the next kind of thing I wanted to talk about here. From Tim Byker has put together an ETH Roadmap FAQ. So this is non-exhaustive. And I think he literally just put it together over the last 24 hours based on a Twitter thread. So definitely not extensive, not exhaustive, but does answer a bunch of questions around things like merge, withdrawals of staked ETH and sharding. So if you're interested in kind of like learning more about that, I learned a few things from this. So definitely give this a read. I mean, if I'm learning things from this, you guys are definitely going to be learning things from this. So give it a read. But I thought this was cool. I'm sure Tim's going to keep adding to this over time. There are definitely a lot of things in, I guess, like Ethereum roadmap land that have a lot of question marks around them. One, because it just hasn't been documented, you know, that accurately yet. And two, because a lot of it's evolving and moving, right? The Ethereum roadmap is not a static thing. It is an evolving, moving target. And it's always going to be a challenge to keep up with it if you're not really in the weeds. And obviously I do my best to try and relay things to you guys. But at the end of the day, I am still once removed from core development. I get all my information second, you know, second hand. I'm not like Tim Byker, who's like right in the thick of it. You know, it is, you know, he's basically part of the core development. And he's the head of the protocol. So I always rely on the information that they put out because they have much more context than I do. And I'm glad they do. I mean, doing stuff like this just on a whim is really cool. This is what I love about the Ethereum community is that this kind of like stuff just gets done. It gets done for free. No, I'm paid Tim to do this. He's just like, oh, okay. Well, there's some confusion around this. I'm just going to put together a quick document and I'll have, you know, I'll have an FAQ here. I'll just spread my knowledge, get it out of my head onto paper sort of thing. And I love it. I love this sort of stuff. So definitely go check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right. So we have an update on the vertical trees test net update here from Julian. So you can kind of go to this notes that are theory on page here, which is kind of like the latest updates on. Okay. It's basically the latest state of vertical trees. And it's not learning for me right now. It seems that it is overloaded. I think this website notes that are theory on that. There it is. There it is. So this is kind of like going over the test net that they did on April 5th called. I think that's congery or something. I don't know. Guys, you know, I'm so terrible at pronouncing things, but I'm sure you guys will correct me on that. But yeah, it goes over the, you know, the achieved goals here, the issues found and next steps. This is really cool. This is being worked on already because this is more of a longer term of theorem roadmap item, replacing the existing tree structure with, with vocal trees. I think it's vertical trees or vertical tries one of the two. I'll probably alternate between the names there. But if you're interested in keeping up to date with that, I think Julian is the best, best follow here for that that I've found so far. And definitely give this a rate. It's a short raid, but it'll give you some more context around this because this is definitely something that will help a theorem as a network. Probably. I don't know if it's going to implement it next year or the year after, but it's definitely on the road map and is definitely part of, you know, a big part of the roadmap as well. So always good to keep, keep on top of this sort of stuff. All right. So trend van apps has put together another thread around the merge this time about the merge and GPU miners. Now I was actually talking to Trent about this and I kind of like ran an idea by him. It was kind of like a, I wouldn't do this myself, but it was kind of like a trade idea. And I thought to myself, what would happen, you know, leading up to the merge and like immediately after the merge, will the, a flood of GPU's come to the market? Because obviously there's a lot of GPU miners out there, or will they go mine something like ETC or one of these other chains? Will they repurpose their GPU's for other things like, ZK proofs and stuff like that. And then that's what this thread is about. Trent's basically giving his thoughts. Yeah, it's quite a long thread as well. And there's a lot of great thoughts in here. So I recommend giving it a read. But the reason I thought of this as a trade idea is because, well, if there's a ton of GPU's fighting the market, then it will, Nvidia stock go down because there'll be less demand to buy these new GPU's from Nvidia. Everyone will just be buying these used devices and it might lead to a short term kind of like short term depression in Nvidia stock price. As I said, I'm not taking this bet at all. I'm not a trader, but it's just, something I came up with, which I think led to Trent putting out this thread. I mean, the timing lines up. I didn't ask him if he put out this thread because of the conversation we had, but I think it's a really great thread and you should give it a read because there are a lot of question marks around what's going to happen with the miners after the merge. And look, honestly, I mean, not to sound like a dick, but I don't care what happens to them after the merge because they don't have anything to do with the Ethereum ecosystem anymore, but they should have been planning for this for a while as well. Right? They knew the merge was coming. They knew proof of stake was coming. So whether they go mine another chain or repurpose their hardware to do, as I said, ZK proofs and stuff like that, it remains to be seen what they do with it. Or, you know, a lot of them are probably going to sell off their GPUs, I reckon on the secondary markets. But yeah, it remains to be seen what happens there. But anyway, Trent has a bunch of data to back up his points in here as well. So yeah, it's a great little tweet thread here. I'll link it in the YouTube description for you to check out. All right. So Stephen Goldfeder put out a tweet today saying L2s really shine when Ethereum gas prices are up. Arbitrum is configured to shield its users from short term gas spikes. And you can see here, this is a screenshot from l2fees.info showing that Arbitrum's fees didn't spike during that massive kind of like gas spike to 3500 Gwei due to the NFT drop. Now, how did they achieve this? Well, they have a system that basically detects when these base fee spikes happen. And they basically say, well, let's not post any of our batches, any of our layer two batches to layer one Ethereum until this subsides. Because it usually subsides very, very quickly because of the way the kind of base fee mechanism works. And by doing so, they save their users from having to pay those high gas fees for no reason. Because the delaying posting of a batch by a few minutes during these kind of like spikes is not a big deal, right? It still gets posted. It's just that they wait out until the base fee goes down. And they wait out. And it means that they don't have to pay the ridiculously high fees just to get a batch in a couple minutes earlier or something like that. There is no critical need to get a batch in in a couple minutes earlier than otherwise would have. So that's how this is kind of like working here. Now, you can see here, Optimism's fee spiked with the base fee because I don't think they have this implemented. I don't think zkSync or even Loop Wrangler, Aztec Network have this implemented yet. But they will. I mean, it's a very simple thing to do. All you have to do is set up a thing on your sequencer that kind of like monitors the base fee through some API and basically says, okay, well, if the base fee suddenly spikes, then don't post, you know, just add T5 minutes to posting your batch and, you know, check again. And if it comes down from there, then post the batch to Layer 1 Ethereum and post it to mainnet and it will be all well and good. So I like this. This is a really cool system. I mean, Arbitrum is just like killing the game, right? They're just really, really on top of things. But as I said, these other L2s are going to do it as well. I mean, there's no point for them not to do it unless they really care about getting their batches in like as fast as possible, which as I said, like, yeah, okay, it'll give you some marginal, better kind of like security and finalization on your transactions. Like faster, I should say, not better because your batch will have been in like a few minutes before. Otherwise, would have. But is the trade-off of making users pay really high fees worth it? Probably not, right? The whole point of a Layer 2 is to reduce fees. And I don't think, and I think users are happy waiting a few extra minutes if it means that they can still pay the cheap fees there. So very, very cool to see this. And I, yeah, thanks to Steven for highlighting this. All right, Polygon has announced the launch of their new Liquidity Mining 2.0 program or Liquidity Mining 2.0 campaign today. So essentially what they've done is they've taken their learnings from their original Liquidity Mining program, which was actually quite successful. This is what propelled the Polygon POS chain to prominence as well. They did a very successful Liquidity Mining program, but they've taken their learnings from that and launched their first ever KPI-based Liquidity Mining program. So what's new this time? The DAPPs that are going to be given tokens are selected based on KPIs like weekly average users or total value locked. All DAPPs that never got Liquidity Mining before are now eligible. It's fully transparent and verifiable, requires no KYC, and one cannot game the system. So how is it beneficial for DAPPs building on Polygon, wanting to migrate to Polygon? Anon teams can apply for the campaign due to no KYC. Each month the distribution is evaluated and DAPPs working hard to get more allocation the next month and projects choose where to use funds. So the first allocation of projects, which is 28 kind of like teams here, have been detailed and each of their shares have been detailed as well. You can see in this pie chart, which of course you can see in the YouTube. I'll link this third in the YouTube description. But yeah, I mean, I think this is really cool. As I've said plenty of times to you guys before, Liquidity Mining needs to get better. There needs to be innovation here because it's just a mercenary farm and dump scenario a lot of the time. It does not lead to long-term sustainable growth. It leads to basically a lot of mercenary capital coming in farming the rewards, dumping it and then moving on to the next farm. But I still do believe that Liquidity Mining can be used in a very healthy and sustainable way to bootstrap growth of new projects and to keep that growth kind of like going and not just kind of result in a, you know, a spike in growth and then a complete dump. And especially kind of like around tokens as well. You want to do Liquidity Mining and you want to get tokens out there, but you also don't want that to suppress the price because if the price goes down, you know, it keeps going down. It's really hard to build a community. It's really hard to build a long-lasting developer community as well because of the fact that they're just like, oh, well, this token just keeps dumping. No, you know, everyone's angry about this. Everyone's in the Discord channel complaining and they kind of get turned off from that. So really, really cool to see some more innovation on the Liquidity Mining front from Polygon here. And I'm curious to see how this works in the wild. Obviously, a lot of this sounds good in theory, but we need to see how it plays out in the wild before we kind of like celebrate any kind of success here. So I'll be monitoring this. I'll keep you guys updated on it and check out this thread for a full breakdown of it. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. All right, so the Index Co-op has launched their latest product today called the Interest Compounding ETH Index or ICE. So ICE is the first yield product built on Set Protocol. Index Co-op builds their products on Set Protocol. This tokenized strategy amplifies your ETH staking yield by harnessing the best of Lido's Liquid Staking and Abe's Money Market into a simple ERC20 token. Now they're calling it Super Staking Your ETH. So it's currently earning over 10% APY on your ETH. And you can see how it works here. It deposits Lido's Liquid Staked ETH token as collateral on Aave, recursively borrows WETH through Aave, swaps for more STE. Obviously, this is a leverage strategy here going on here. It's a bit more risky. And then they tell the benefits. It's decreased risk, but not eliminated risk, of course. Gas efficient, ease of use, and composable within DeFi. I really, really like these products that we see coming out around Staked ETH guys. Like I remember, I mean, even, I mean, I think over the last week, I've been talking about this a lot where people underestimate how big the Staked ETH ecosystem is going to get because you have Vanilla Staked ETH, which is already going to be a massive industry. It's all well and good. Then you have all of these leverage Staked ETH and all of these kind of like yield burgers that are going on top of it. And you have structured products and you have institutional grade products and you have probably products that are going to be like Super degen, offering 30, 40, 50% plus APY on Staked ETH, but obviously very risky. And it's just going to become an absolutely massive industry. I mean, I checked today and I remember mentioning the validated queue was I think just below 14,000. And we've been clearing that at about 1200 validators per day since then. But it's back over 14,000. It's 14,159 right now, the validated queue. So people are staking the rate. There's a ton of FOMO here because of these products, I think, because of the fact that you can get over 10% yield on your ETH with minimal risk. I mean, there is additional risk here. Obviously, Vanilla Staking ETH is the least risky thing and there's additional risk whenever you do leverage and compounding and doing yield burgers. But I think this is a big driver of it. On top of the institutions that are probably getting interested, they're thinking of products and a way to sell those products to their customers. There's going to be all types of other structured products around this. Guys, the ETH staking industry is going to be bigger than we can all imagine. And I wouldn't be surprised to see 20, 30, 40 million ETH staked within the next maybe 12 months, especially when we merge. Post-merge yields are going to be nuts. Especially if the fees start going up again on layer one, which they have been recently, the unburnt fear of you going to stakers and then the MEV being extracted and stuff like that. I mean, wow, wow, guys. The APY could be over 10% on Vanilla Staked ETH then adding all these yield burgers. And you're talking 20 plus percent low risk yield on your ETH. An ETH denominated yield, right? With an increasing ETH price due to everyone staking their ETH, more ETH being burned, of course, the triple halvening that's happening with the merge. It's just getting crazy, guys. I cannot believe that more people aren't talking about this still. It's just the most obvious and crazy thing to me. It's the main reason why I'm still buying ETH at this point. Obviously, I bought a lot of my ETH at $200 and buying at this price is obviously a lot higher. But I just can't look at all the bullishness around ETH and everything around ETH and think to myself, oh, yeah, I'll let that go. Oh, yeah, I won't buy more ETH. No, of course, I'm going to keep buying. But yeah, anyway, I'm going a little bit off track there, getting too bullish again, but I love these products. And it's really cool that IndexCorp has put something like this out because it's competition, right? We obviously had this Galleon DAO with the ETH maxi product and a bunch of other projects out there as well. We need more competition in this space because it means that the yield burgers will get safer, less risky, and also offer more yield because of it as well. So very, very cool to see these. Check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description for you to go possibly ape into. But as I said, be cautious. Just know what you're getting into because there's always a risk with these products. But yeah, IndexCorp has been around, so it's not a rug or anything like that. They've been around for a while and really cool to see them come out with this new ICE product today. All right, just the final shout out here. I talked about this the other day, but I did that Wizards of APAC Twitter Spaces with the ETH Down Under. I think it's Dow Under, Dow Under, the account here. Today, yes, Dow Under. And you can play the recording here if you weren't able to catch it live because it was done 6 p.m. Australian standard time, which is like when everyone's pretty much sleeping in the rest of the world. So definitely check out this recorder. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. Basically what we talked about was, I mean, the first part of what we talked about at the start was like my background, how I got into Ethereum, what's captivating me about the ecosystem. Then we obviously talked about a lot of Ethereum related things like the merge and layer twos and stuff like that. Probably a lot of it would be repeated stuff for you guys that listen to the refill every day. But the first 20 or so minutes has a lot of stuff that I don't usually talk about. So if you're interested in that, definitely check out this recording. It'll be linked in the YouTube description below. But I think on that note, that's going to be it for today. So that's all I have for today. That's going to be it for today. So thank everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.