 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligay Refuel. Where we capture the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Dan and this is the sign-on to the 3rd of August 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So, there was some legislation proposed in the US Senate today to treat both BTC and ETH as commodities under the CFTC or Commodities Futures Trading Commission's purview in the US here. Now, the funny thing about this kind of like conversation is that I think over the last few weeks, Bitcoin maximalists especially have been trying to push this narrative that ETH is a security when it isn't, maybe it was once upon a time like early on in its life, but now it certainly isn't a security. I would definitely consider it a commodity. It is extremely decentralized and does not fit the security kind of like moniker. That doesn't even fit into something like the Howey Test, right, for example. So, this proposed legislation will basically codify that and codify BTC and ETH as commodities here. Now, you may hear about this a lot and like why does it even matter. Why does it matter that something not be classed as a security and instead classed as a commodity? Well, in the crypto context, it's actually a pretty big deal because as far as I know, none of the mainstream crypto exchanges are set up to trade securities, which means they're actually legally not allowed to trade securities. So, if for example, ETH was classified as a security, a lot of these exchanges would have to literally delist ETH because they're not allowed to have it on their platform unless they were to register for securities trading, but I think to do that is not an easy process. Or they would have done it already, I believe. Some of them are kind of like trying to move into that. I know FTX is trying to move into stock trading and things like that. But yeah, I mean, most of them aren't and probably won't be. And it really kind of like complicates things like DeFi as well. Like what happens on DeFi? Like how do you even police that, right? It makes things very murky. It's obviously not something that we want to happen. And it also begs the question around, would that require the Ethereum kind of network or someone in the Ethereum network to submit like quarterly financial reports for Ethereum to the SEC and to make sure that kind of everyone kind of gets eyeballs on it and is kind of kept aware of things, which doesn't make any sense because Ethereum is an open public network. You can monitor the chain at any time from anywhere in the world. There's no need to wait for quarterly reports. You can kind of monitor the chain. You can go use one of these third party tools, such as DooNada, Lix or Nansen to an Etherscan to dive deeper into things. So yeah, it would be obviously not ideal. It would be pretty bad. And it would basically not be a death sentence for an asset. But in the current kind of like scheme of things, it would not be great. ETH would only be able to be traded in kind of like regulated venues or sorry, securities kind of like regulated venues. And it would change the dynamic of what it is. So ETH and BTC being classed as commodities would be a lot better because commodities, I mean, like they're freely traded, right? They're not kind of like under the SEC's purview. They're under the CFTC's purview. They don't have the same restrictions around them because like there's a ton of different commodities, right? Like if you Google commodities, as I just did here, you can go see like some of the most common, right? Coffee is a commodity, for example. Like could you imagine having to be regulated around kind of like trading coffee? You could only trade coffee on an SEC approved kind of like exchange or something like that, which means, and I'm not just talking about trading coffee as like a speculator. I'm actually talking about like buying coffee. Like imagine you couldn't go to the supermarket to buy coffee, right? That would just be silly. And it's not just coffee. There's obviously a lot of other commodities out there. I'm just reading them off the list here, like tea, sugar, cotton, bananas, those sorts of stuff, right? Like imagine having to trade those on a, or buy those off a regulated platform. It just wouldn't work. Whereas obviously securities laws work for publicly traded companies where there is a kind of like stock and you just kind of trade that equity and you trade that on a regulated exchange. I am also of the opinion that a lot of tokens should be, I don't know if they should be securities, but they should be something, like they're definitely not commodities, but there should be like some legislation put forward that regulates them as maybe like a pseudo security. So not as harshly as kind of securities are regulated today because I don't think most crypto assets fall into that. But a lot of the tokens out there really do look like the traditional kind of like equity in a, or stock in a company. For example, if you're a DeFi protocol and you're sharing revenue with your token holders, well, that's not very different than a kind of like company sharing dividends with their kind of like stockholders, right? So it's a similar dynamics there, but I think there is obviously key differences with that. With DeFi, a lot of it comes from, you know, a lot of the time you have to kind of like stake the asset, right? In order to generate a yield and the assets are normally able to be used for a bunch of different things. You can use them as collateral really easily on money markets. You can put them in AMMs, things like that. So regulating it as a security would hamper that and hamper the kind of like avenues that it could trade and stuff like that. So I think that there needs to be a reform there. I don't think the current SEC and the way it's currently structured is going to be able to do that reform, especially not under Gary Gensler. But I do think that BTC and ETH being regulated by the CFTC is a big positive here. I think people often look at regulation and think, oh, regulation, aren't we trying to get away from that in crypto? Like, yeah, of course, like that's why we're building DeFi. But in terms of kind of like bigger regulated institutional players, like pension funds, endowments, things like that, a lot of the time they're not really in the business of touching any of this stuff because there's no clarity for them. Whereas if there was clarity, if they could say to the regulators or to kind of like their investors and to people that kind of like they're under scrutiny from, they could say to them, hey, you know, we're not trading kind of like these assets that, these crypto assets that have no kind of like regulatory, not approval, but kind of like regulatory clarity around, they can say, well, BTC and ETH are regulated by the CFTC. We're trading them as kind of like regulated products and this, and here it is, like this is who we custody with, right? Maybe they custody with something like Coinbase or something like that. So yeah, it's a huge positive if this was to go through, but it's just proposed legislation right now. It's not kind of like being passed or anything like that, but I'm sure people will be keeping an eye on this and sharing kind of like the updates on Twitter and I'll share them with you guys on the refuel. All right, so, okay, this is going to be fun today. I'm making, not making another ETH bull case, but I'm going to be bullish on ETH for a few minutes here. So Data Always, one of my favorite kind of like follows on Twitter, who focuses a lot on the data side of Ethereum, put out this table with the title reduction in theoretical annual structural cell pressure. And on the table is a bunch of, I guess I shouldn't say table on the kind of like chart here, is basically a bunch of different dollar denominated, I guess like a structural cell pressure reductions in popular blockchain. So obviously you have the ETH merge, right, which is first. This is going to be about seven and a half billion dollars of structural cell pressure, basically evaporating at time of the merge. And this is at today's prices, guys. This isn't that like the all time high of ETH or anything like that. That's at today's price. I think this was calculated at about a $1600 ETH actually. So a bit less than what the price is right now. But yeah, so BTC's 2024 halvening would lead to around a $4 billion kind of reduction in kind of like cell pressure here because of obviously the halvening there. But keep in mind that BTC has a larger market cap than ETH by over 2x right now. So if you were to, I guess like market cap normalize these sorts of things, the ETH merge reduction would be $15 billion or something, right, if the market caps were what was the same as Bitcoin here. BTC in 2020, the 2020 halvening reduced cell pressure by about $2.8 billion. Then you can see it collapses from there. There was the ETH 2019 kind of a third inning, we called it at the time, that reduced cell pressure by about maybe $400 million. BTC in 2016 was just under that. That was like the 2016 halvening. And then you had, you know, Zcash, BCH, and ETH in 2017, which are basically negligible here. So none of them compare really to the ETH merge. Like, if you put this as a percentage of market cap, it would be huge. I mean, my ETH market cap is what, $200 billion today right now. Like, $7.5 billion would be what, like a... Well, I'm going to do my head math here. Probably under 5%, I think, if I'm doing my math correctly. Yeah, I think I am. Just a bit under 5% of the total market cap just kind of like being reduced in worth of cell pressure here, which is absolutely huge, right? And obviously, as you guys know, post-merge, there is no... with beacon chain withdrawals until kind of like 6 to 12 months after. So the issuance basically drops to zero. Like, yes, a new ETH is still being issued to validators, but in terms of issuance hitting the market, for at least 6 months after that, there is zero new ETH hitting the market. So the only ETH you'll be able to buy is the ETH that's already there. So, I mean, I've talked about this at length before, guys. I'm not going to rehash every point I've made in the past. But I think when you put the dollar number to it here, it really starts to speak volumes because this is not something of a speculation. This is literal truth. Like, we know for a fact that 13,500 ETH every single day is issued to miners as rewards, right? And we know for a fact that once the merge happens, we're having around an 80% issuance reduction, and then there's no beacon chain withdrawal. So issuance hitting the market is effectively zero. So these are hard facts here. So there's no need to speculate, there's no need to guess. You just have to look at the data, take it in, and be able to come to conclusions based on that. Now, the conclusions are definitely speculative, right? Trying to kind of time the trade, if you are a trader, is super speculative. Trying to guess what ETH is going to do around the merge. Like, is it going to run up to the merge and then sell off because that's what crypto does, right? Or is it just going to keep running because we have that structural sell pressure that has kind of evaporated there? My personal opinion is always that short term, I've got absolutely no idea, but longer term, this is the most bullish catalyst in ETH's history. Like, I cannot see a world where ETH doesn't react positively to this because of the fact that you can just simply put it like this. Let's just assume that the demand for ETH stays the same that it is today. And we've been ranging for a while now, we're just going kind of like sideways. So let's just assume that ETH's demand stays the same that it is today. Like, the USD denominated demand by ETH is the same as today with the same sell pressure that we have today. Now, take away that sell pressure, take away all of it. Literally drop it to zero. The sell pressure isn't in the tens of millions today, right? So take that all away and now do the math again. The demand stays the same. If the sell pressure goes to zero, then the only place that the price of ETH can go is up. Like, it can't go down. I mean, it can go down if the supply and the demand to sell goes up. But if the demand to buy just stays the same, doesn't have to go up, it just stays the same, then logically the ETH price should trend up because of the fact that we know for a fact miners have to sell a lot of their ETH to cover their costs. There's no way around that. Unless they have revenue coming from some other avenue to cover the extreme cost that they have, which pretty much all of them don't have that because it's just such a costly business, then we know for a fact that miners are kind of adding all this sell pressure. And this is obviously what Hal Presch talked a lot about in his Bankless interview. I think he has another one coming up, hopefully soon there, but he's also running a blog post that he's been teasing as well, so I'm excited for that. But yeah, guys, I look at this, and obviously it's not investment advice, but I look at this every... Not every day, but I look at this quite often, and I just think to myself, we had so many people blow up and spew their ETH all over the market over the last few months, and yeah, okay, we went to the 800s for ETH, but we didn't stay there long. Demand is there. There is so much demand for ETH right now, even though the bull market's not here, there is still demand in a bear market. And all we need is demand to stay the same that it is right now. It can even reduce. If you really want to think about it, it can even go down, right? But it'll have to go down by the same amount as the kind of structural sell pressure from Minus has gone to stop ETH from going up here. And given that it's a bear market, and given that so many people already blew up, I don't see where all this sudden influx of ETH would come from to add more sell pressure to ETH in order to kind of offset that forced sell pressure that were basically eliminated from the market. So yeah, as I said, I want it to be bullish there for a few minutes, but I think it's just very, very prudent to think about these things and kind of like follow these things and realize that we've never seen something like the merger before. Bitcoin halvenings are the only kind of like thing that we have to compare them to, but Bitcoin halvenings aren't anywhere near as bullish because they're not a change of, from proof of work to proof of stake. There at where stakers have to sell, a lot less than miners do, the miners still have to sell, right? In a halvening. So yes, okay, you've kind of like taken away 50% of the sell pressure, but there's still that remaining sell pressure there every single time. Whereas with the issuance deduction coming with the merge, for six or 12 months after, there's just no sell pressure at all. And then once big and chain withdrawals are unlocked, it depends on a variety of different factors. That becomes like a very big unknown because we don't know how many people are gonna unstake their ETH and sell it. We don't know how much of these kind of like rewards, the block rewards will get sold each day. So that's in the unknown territory. But I think for six or 12 months after the merge, we can confidently say that the ETH price should go up because of the fact that we have removed that structural sell pressure from kind of like the market there. And now just before I move on here, I wanted to make one more note about how EIP-1559 plays into this. Obviously gas fees have come down a lot since the bull market. On any given day, you can get a transaction in with a single digit Gwei. Like I saw it go to like two Gwei the other day. It was great, crazy, right? But let's say you average, we are averaging around five to 15 Gwei kind of like prices a day. I think at those prices, based on current amount of ETH staked, we would just be kind of like net deflationary in terms of like the supply would just be at about 0% a year supply growth. And on the ultrasound money website, you can actually simulate this. So pay attention to the middle kind of like little graphic here. So this is the supply growth under proof of work based on the last day of transaction fee. So this is basically showing that the supply is still growing by 4.2% even though we're offsetting it with a bit of the burn. Now, if you want to simulate the merge, right? And just take the last day where the gas prices have been really low, it's still, the supply growth would only be 0.1%. So we're basically at 0% supply growth even at these low gas prices, right? Change it to seven days, it's the same kind of thing. 30 days, I think it's just slightly under. But we've been experiencing these low gas fees for a while. If you wanna do all from when EIP-1559 first went live, we would be negative 1.6%, right? So even though the gas prices have been really cheap, we're still basically netting out to around 0, 0.1% issuance kind of like here, which is basically nothing still. So even if those kind of like tokens post with bigger chain withdrawals, that those ETH get unstate, get kind of like sold off the block rewards, get sold off, we would still be offsetting that with the burn, right? So it's just when you keep thinking about this and then I didn't even talk about the burn until now, right? I already made like a super bullish case for ETH, but now I'm talking about the burn kind of like offsetting all that extra issuance from, sorry, all that issuance from proof of stake and making us basically, 0% issuance or net deflationary, take it all like that and yeah, things get absolutely wild, guys. And I think I'm gonna stop myself there before I get even more bullish, but I think just refreshing every once in a while around the kind of like the bull case for ETH in a nutshell, I think is prudent, but I'm gonna move on there. Hopefully that's got you pumped up. All right, so another thing I actually got really pumped about today was this tweet thread from Optimism, where they said, Optimism Bedrock is coming soon and when it does, it will change the roll up game forever. It will lay the protocols foundation for years to come and serve as the model for roll up architecture. It's named Bedrock for good reason. This is a thread about what's coming in this Bedrock upgrade in the first kind of on the second tweet, they say it reduces L1 to L2 deposit times by over 4x. That's really cool. That makes onboarding easier for people. Like that's amazing. I didn't even know about that. I actually didn't know about most of these things, right? It slashes the cost of data submission to L1 by 20%. So that basically means fees are coming down on Optimism again, cuts difference with geth down to a slim 500 lines of code, which is kind of like better for developers, of course, and better for tooling and infrastructure and things like that. And it supports any number of alternative proof systems, including ZK proofs, which I spoke about the other day. Bedrock is coming in Q4 2022. So it seems like Nitro will go live first, but then for Arbitrum and then Bedrock will come after it later in this year, which is really awesome. I think there's one other thing here as well. Sorry, a couple of other things. Bedrock is also designed like a post merge Ethereum with a consensus layer and an execution layer. So on L1, Ethereum, obviously we have the beacon node and execution engine and on L2, Optimism Bedrock, there's a roll up node and an execution engine as well. So I've spoken about how Optimism wants to try and go down this client diversity path as well with their network, which is very, very cool there. And I also didn't know about this, instead of a block for every new transaction, as it currently stands, Bedrock will have a fixed block time of two seconds and the L2 gas price will be updated via an EIP-1559 mechanism. So very, very cool here. I read this thread, got super pumped up about Bedrock. And then I kind of thought to myself, wow, we have Bedrock coming, we have Nitro coming, we have ZKAVMs coming. It truly is the age of layer twos and the age of Ethereum scalability. And this isn't even talking about all the other cool stuff coming to Ethereum layer one, such as proto dang sharding, which is just gonna benefit these layer twos even more. So I highly recommend giving this thread a read yourself. I did cover the main points, but just give it a read because it got me really, really pumped up. And I'm just super excited to see kind of like Optimism continue to grow here and all the L2s continue to grow because I think the funny thing is, is that the L1s, the alternative L1s, I think blew their load in the bull market. And now during a bear market, the L2s are getting much, much better, exponentially better, very, very quickly. And by the time the next bull market rolls around, I think the L2s are gonna be ready for prime time this time. The L1s will probably still have a narrative trade at some point, just for whatever reason, like the crypto bull markets obviously get like that. But I am so confident in Ethereum scaling roadmap right now. I'm so confident in these L2s and I'm seeing so much kind of like activity on them already, so much support on them already in a bear market that I can't help but be super excited for the next time we have a new influx of kind of like new users, right? New retail users, because they're gonna be able to use these things, get an incredible amount of value out of them. And they're not even gonna know they're using Ethereum a lot of the time too, which is kind of funny to think about. I actually saw a tweet just before where someone said, I'm an Eth Maxi, but I really like Arbitrum. And I'm like, should we tell them guys? Should we tell them that Arbitrum is actually Ethereum? Like it's the same thing. I mean, it's an extension of Ethereum, right? Like a literal extension of Ethereum, but that's what it's gonna be. And that's fine. Like I think that's totally fine. As I've said before, a lot of these stuff is just gonna be obstructed away from the end user. And it's fine if we have like Arbitrum and Optimism Maxis that reject Ethereum. I'm like, okay, that's fine, whatever. Like it's kind of funny because we have like Avalanche Maxis who hate Ethereum. It's like, guys, like you're using the EVM. You're basically using Geth. Like it's basically the same thing, right? So it's kind of like funny when you think about that sort of stuff. So yeah, I think this is the way it's gonna be going forward, but I am just so, so excited for both of these upgrades and Bedrock and Nitro over the next few months. And I mean, the funny thing is like, not only do we have these L2 upgrades, we have the merge like next month, right? And then we have basically all the work and all the hype that's gonna be redirected towards proto-dank sharding and a bunch of other upgrades coming with kind of like the next network upgrade after the merge. So like I can't even begin to describe how exciting the next 12 to 18 months in Ethereum is gonna be. Like, I think it's gonna be, I've said the golden age of Ethereum was basically, I think maybe I said it six months ago, but I think we're currently in the golden age and it just keeps getting better and better as time goes on. So I am super excited for everything happening with all of this. I hope you guys are too. All right, so speaking of L2s, I spoke about scroll, I think yesterday or the day before how they kind of like released their article about the architecture of scroll. And for those of you who don't know, scroll is building a native zkavm for Ethereum here. The scroll intern account has a deeper dive into kind of like what was covered in the overall architecture post the other day. So you should definitely check this out if you wanna learn more about kind of all of that. But yeah, I mean, this just falls into what I was saying just before about being super excited about these L2s. The zkavm stuff is just blowing my mind. Honestly, I didn't expect us to get to this point this quickly. But given that there is so much money being thrown at this kind of like problem, so many people being thrown at it, there's so many kind of like people in competition to build a zkavm. Obviously we saw how cutthroat the competition is because everyone was arguing over who was first to announce the zkavm, right? So given that all that is kind of like coming together, I'm just like super excited for the zkavm space especially as well. But definitely check out this thread. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so there was this really weird thread today from this person called Mac Brennan on Twitter. And he started the thread off basically by saying, Ethereum is starting to realize it's losing, builders are leaving the ecosystem in droves. Just look at new projects coming into Web3. There's a much higher chance it's being built on an L1 or roll up, which the fact that he said roll up here, and then he kind of like said, Ethereum is starting to realize it's losing. It's like, bro, like all the roll ups are on Ethereum. Like, what are you talking about? And then he goes, here's why this is happening. Does some kind of like thread here, which I'm not gonna get into because so many people debunked it. And apparently it was actually just a really bad thread in general. I skimmed over it and I just saw the roll up thing. And I was like, this is just super weird. But there's one tweet that I wanna focus on where he said, he was kind of like trying to find roll ups here. And he basically said that roll ups work off the assumption that all roll up, sorry. He was saying that, you know, ETH maxes or Ethereum people work off the assumption that all roll ups will willingly pay rent to ETH for each security model. I hate this framing of paying rent. Like it's just stupid. Like it's trying to negatively frame paying Ethereum for its security. Like you're getting nothing out of it. What do you mean? You're getting the entire Ethereum ecosystem out of it. Like, and you're relatively cheap. I actually think Ethereum should be charging more and we're actually gonna be charging less than that because we've got proto-dank sharding coming. We should be charging L2s more for what they're getting. You know, if we were trying to extract as much rent as possible, but we're not. We're actually going to reverse that by giving L2s more capacity and making it cheaper for them to settle to L1, right? And then Mac Brennan continues by saying, in business, if you have two suppliers giving you a similar product for different costs, you choose the cheaper one every time. Which is just beyond stupid to say, as transmission says here, because it uses the analogy, you know, if you're a bank and you can either buy a toy lock for $5 at Home Depot or a costly industrial bank vault to secure billions of dollars, I don't know if you're just gonna choose the cheaper one. You're not, because these solutions aren't created equal. Like, you're not going to secure billions of dollars with a toy lock, right? You're gonna use a bank vault to do that, physical cash. And then even if you have billions of dollars of crypto, you're not going to secure it on a kind of like, your own ledger with a piece of paper stored in your safe at home, right? You're gonna store it in a much more sophisticated way using custody solutions, most likely. So, like when people frame it like this, it's just bizarre to me. And people often will say that not everything needs like super high security. And I've said this before as well, but I actually think most things do need this high security. I've said before that I think maybe the gaming stuff doesn't need to be built on a super secure roll up. It can be built on something like a Validium or an Arbitrum, any trust chain or anything like that. But most things, especially if they're handling lots and lots of value, should definitely be built on a roll up. Even if they're building their own roll up as an app chain. And post proto-dank sharding, it's gonna be very cheap to do that. So this framing of roll ups having to pay rent to Ethereum is, and framing that in a negative way, is just so bizarre to me. And it's one of the worst FUD points or worst kind of like critics that I've come across from Ethereum, kind of like haters, I guess, if you will. Because it just makes no sense to me. Because if Ethereum was trying to be a landlord that's just kind of extracted as much rent from these L2s as possible, then it wouldn't be doing things like proto-dank sharding, right? And even without proto-dank sharding, it is really cheap to settle to Ethereum for these L2s. They make more inferior than they spend in kind of having to cover the costs on L1 because of the fact that the cost that they cover on L1, they actually designed for that. It's a fixed cost on these L2s. And then they have their own fees on top of that, right? So when you take all that into consideration, this framing of Ethereum being like this extractive landlord that just trying to get as much rent as possible from roll ups is completely and utterly false. It doesn't even make any sense in any reality. And I'm not even kind of like talking about proto-dank sharding in this reality either. And then you kind of add that into it. And it's just absolutely weird to be making that point. But this thread was just, yeah. I mean, and then later on, Mac Burnham tweeted out something saying, you know, I put together this thread and people just kind of like came at me and attacked me. And there's just, you know, said something about like ETH maxis. I don't know where it is actually. I wanna find this to you because I think it was just even more stupid. Where he said, yeah, he said this, tweeted a semi-viral criticism of ETH earlier and there hasn't been one objective reputation of any of my claims. Where there was plenty. And in the thread, it actually is linked, like the reputations. And then he says, it's really shocking how much of a group think echo chamber ETH maxis live in. What are you talking about? Like, I hate when people pull this card. People refuted me. They didn't disagree with my point. Sorry, they didn't agree with my points. They made me look stupid. Oh, you're a stupid ETH maxi, you know, go away. This is just pure cope really at the end of the day. But if I keep going on and keep ranting on for, on and on here, I mean, obviously I kind of like, hate this framing, but I've said before and I said it again, Ethereum needs just much better critics. Like I'm sick of the shit critics. Like just give us something guys. Like, I mean, Ethereum people will never claim that Ethereum is perfect. I've never claimed that. And I think there's a lot of issues with Ethereum that we're working on. I mean, Vitalik himself said Ethereum is only 40% complete. That means that there are plenty of issues that Ethereum needs to work on. And plenty of upgrades that are gonna need to come to Ethereum to make it a complete system. But, you know, resorting to these just really shitty criticisms that aren't grounded in reality, just makes me sad because I want us to be better as an ecosystem. And it feels like the only good criticisms come from within. And we may be missing something if they come from within, because there is a, you know, there are echo chambers that exist. So I really wish people outside the Ethereum ecosystem were able to make objective criticisms that actually made sense of Ethereum so that we could learn from them. But it doesn't happen. It doesn't happen. Maybe it doesn't happen because of tribal reasons, but it's just a really silly thing. So, so yeah, anyway, I'm gonna end the rant there. Final thing here, I wanted to give a quick shout out that I finished recording my kind of Twitter spaces with Mudit here from Polygon. We talked about all things security, obviously over the last couple of days with the Nomad hack and the Solana kind of like hack today, it was on top of everyone's minds. And we also talked a bit about the proof of work Ethereum fork too. So if you missed the talk, you can go and kind of look at the recording or listen to the recording here. I'll link that in the YouTube description below, but I think that's gonna be it for today. So thank everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.