 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligay Refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Sosano and there's the 31st of January 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So first on the agenda here, we have a post from Vitalik with a quick reminder of what shared security means and why it is important. Now this is a bit of a lengthy post, not too lengthy, but I suggest going and reading it for yourself if you want to kind of like get the gist of it. But what I wanted to focus on was kind of like this table that he put together here. And I mean the TLDR of this post is basically looking at the different security properties of independent layer 1s, layer 2s, sidechains, all that sort of stuff. And this goes back to what I was talking about actually last week on the Bankless live stream that I did with David about bridges and what I've been talking about a lot on the refill lately around bridges and how kind of like your assets are only as secure as where they're issued and stuff like that. So you can see here some examples. So if the asset is issued on Ethereum and you are using that asset on Ethereum then the security level is high because you have Ethereum's security level. You have the miners securing the network, you have Ethereum layer 1's decentralization and in the future you will have the stakers and validators securing the network there. Another example is your asset is on Avalanche. This is an example I used last week and you are using that asset on Ethereum. The security is low. So if you've bridged an asset from Avalanche over to Ethereum then as I explained last week with these bridges it's basically just an IOU because the asset was originally issued on Avalanche. So you really are at the mercy of the Avalanche validators and the Avalanche network. You don't have the Ethereum security for those assets because they're not issued natively on Ethereum. And the differences here between other layer 1's and layer 2's as you guys know is that with layer 2's they don't have their own validators. They don't have their own consensus. They're their own validators that come to consensus on things and their own security they rely on Ethereum for that. So if the asset is issued on Optimism for example and you are using that asset on Ethereum then your security level is still high because of the fact that it's a roll-up. That's kind of like the security properties that we like. So I thought this was a really great and timely post because I've been seeing a bit of I guess FUD coming from some kind of people in the industry about roll-ups and trying to redefine what layer 1 and layer 2 mean and what roll-ups means. And it's all pretty much like lies and misinformation. It's actually pretty bad. I'm pretty disappointed to see the things coming out of people especially from the Avalanche ecosystem both Emin and Kevin. Who I know Emin's a founder. I'm not 100% sure if Kevin's a founder of Avalanche but they're spreading some pretty bad misinformation right now about layer 2's roll-ups and layer 1's and things like that. So I thought these blog posts from Vitalik was very timely and it's very very accurate. It's basically the industry standard agreed upon definitions of these things and it basically fits in with the objective kind of reality of this sort of stuff. So I just wanted to kind of like highlight that there but definitely recommend giving this post to read as it's very important and it's very straightforward. It's not too technical. It's actually not really technical at all. I think by now pretty much all of you guys listening to the refills should understand what Vitalik is saying in this post. If you've been watching and listening for quite a while as I've talked about this a lot as well and tried to explain it as best I can but Vitalik putting it down on paper. I guess so to speak is a really great way to visualize it as well. So a new all called devs update from Tim Byko over the weekend. So I did say to you guys... Oh okay this isn't working. I did say to you guys that I expected a I guess like a recap of Kintsugi from... Okay it's working now from Danny Ryan but I think I'm not sure if that's still coming or not. It may or may not be but there was a recap given in this all called devs update from Tim Byko. So some stuff about the Kintsugi merge testnet here. Some more stuff around Shanghai actually which I actually didn't realize that we were this far ahead at this point but we apparently we are. Shanghai is going to be the first hard fork network upgrade after the merge goes through and there's already a bunch of EIPs or features that people want to get into the network and there's already work beginning on this in terms of kind of research and development. So I think the merge is basically at the point now where essentially just kind of like testing and making sure everything's good the spec seems to be nearing the part where it gets frozen and by a frozen spec it means that there's no more changes to be made. That's what's going to go in on mainnet and it makes it much easier to kind of like develop around. But yeah I was really surprised to see the Shanghai updates included here but this is great. I mean this includes the UX improvements that people have been screaming about. EIP 3074 and I've talked about that before and I'm pretty sure that's the EIP where essentially it bundles the transactions so you don't have to do a separate transaction for like an approve. If you're doing a swap of a new asset you wouldn't have to approve that asset and then swap in two separate transactions it would happen in one. EIP 4488 which reduces the core data costs which would lower the cost of ROLL-Os by that 5x. I've covered that extensively on the on the refill before and a bunch of other things as well. So very very awesome to see that the Shanghai planning has already begun. Maybe we see it end of year. Maybe that's there and maybe the withdrawal is going to Shanghai because as you guys know withdrawals for stakers isn't going through with the merge it's coming about six months later. So maybe we see that in the Shanghai hard fork slash network upgrade. So very very excited to see that but I recommend giving this core devs update a read. I'll link it in the YouTube description because it's got a bunch of links to a bunch of other things that you can read as well. So Mike here had a really great little I guess thread about roll-ups and kind of like L1s and L2s and how they scale and visualize that with the bus visualization that I've used before here. So you can see on the left hand side of this image transacting on L1 is essentially a bunch of individual cars and a bunch of people and those are the amount of people that you fit into those cars. You can see how much of the road space it takes up. Then on the right hand side you have the same amount of people but you have a bus and then this is transacting on roll-ups where we can basically pack more transactions into a roll-up than we can on L1 and kind of make better use of that L1 space. So essentially making better use of the road as you can see in this image here. Now this is a very, I mean I always like this analogy but it obviously misses a lot of stuff. Like obviously scaling via layer 2s is going to give you much more capacity than a bus that does on the road. Like you know in reality this amount of people using the bus, I mean the amount of road they would be using is very minimal compared to how much roll-ups are going to scale and that's what people like using the vertical analogy of kind of like skyscrapers. So basically building the skyscraper up as much as possible and then on each level of that site skyscraper you can have like you know as many people as you, I mean a lot of people not as many as you want obviously it's not unlimited but many people there and then the horizontal scaling with sharding basically lets you build more skyscrapers right. It gives you more I guess like land to build more skyscrapers on. So people prefer that analogy but I've always liked this because what I always like to do when I look for analogies is try to think like is this going to resonate with people that have absolutely no context around kind of like L2s. Like they've got basic understanding of blockchains, they understand transactions, they understand why you know it can't be unlimited scale because the essentially the size that we have to fit transactions into is smaller. But then when explaining kind of like okay well we're scaling via this thing called layer 2, it essentially packs more transactions in to this thing where I guess in the zk roll-up in the zk roll-up sense into the proofs and then in the optimistic roll-up sense. I mean you can already go off on like a really big tangent here describing roll-ups but essentially you get more bang for your buck of the ethereum block space right. We're basically condensing those transactions exactly what happens in a kind of analogy like this where you're basically condensing all these people out of their kind of like owned cars into a bus and you get a lot more bang for your buck in terms of kind of like road space and things like that. So I thought that was a really cool thread. Definitely go give this thread a read. It's a short thread, it's got a bunch of kind of like explanations about this sort of stuff. So yeah great thread here Mike. I know you're active in the discord channel. It's actually where I saw this thread. So yeah great work here. I hope you keep doing more of these. So rainbow wallets put out a tweet over the weekend that I wrote today's newsletter about where they said rainbow supports cheaper networks like polygon optimism and arbitrum out of the box without any need for manual configuration. They just work and all of your tokens appear without needing to switch networks. Now this may seem like something small but I think this is an absolutely massive ux upgrade from what we're used to. Think about what you have to do with metamask when you switch networks, when you add a new network right. To add a new network manually in metamask there's all these new terminology that you'll see that we should never show the end user. Stuff like chain id and RPC URL and block explorer URL. I'm sorry but like that sort of stuff should never be shown to the kind of like regular user. That sort of stuff is power user stuff. Like even that because the fact is this that's like showing users the ipv4 settings and saying hey input your ip here or input your you know your dns. Yes you can do that but most users should never have to do that. I should just work out of the box. That is the secret to mass adoption and that's exactly what rainbow has done here. It just works out of the box. You don't have to add your you don't have to add the networks manually. You don't have to kind of like switch them or anything. It's just all in the background and all working working nicely there and they also have a little little logo on the asset to tell you what network it's on. Like I actually sometimes find myself I mean I used to I think you know zapper does this too where they put the little logo there but it used to be kind of like I didn't know where all my assets were and I had to kind of manually go to a block explorer and find them. That is not any ever going to be a thing that most people do and they shouldn't have to do that. It's a pain in the ass. So just having that logo there tells people okay well you know you have ethea you have ethea you have you know in this case madic on polygon right and it just makes it much easier for people to kind of like get a quick glance of where their assets are and kind of like so that you know I mean they also kind of like have a heart attack if they don't see their assets in like their ethereum l1 wallet where they forgot that they bridged them to like arbitrum or something like that right. So there's also that aspect to it as well. So I just wanted to kind of pick on that. There's a the daily newsletter today is actually has a bit more about this and I talked about how like web 2 has optimized for clicks and and you know the shortest amount of clicks possible and stuff like that. So I definitely recommend giving that a read if you want more context around this and more details around this. So hash flow is now live on polygon. You can take advantage of the low transaction fees on polygon to slap trade with zero slippage and no mev exploits and earn the best yields without impermanent loss. So easy to get started trading you just go to app.hashflow.com here. Very awesome to see them live on polygon. I think they're going to be going live on every EVM compatible network which means obviously arbitrum optimism and a bunch of the other kind of like old l ones that are EVM compatible which makes sense. I mean this is how the EVM becomes like the standard and become and just increases its network effect and is actually bullish for like the basically ethereum as a whole because think about it the amount of entrenchment the EVM has means that all these EVM compatible roll-ups that we have the option and optimism right now is the kvms in the future they're all just going to be immediately populated with apps because the apps are already built in these sorts of things they're already they're already kind of compatible with them so there's no need to reinvent the wheel here but at the same time as i said to you guys before i'm very very bullish on efforts being made by other by kind of like a layer two teams doing something other than the EVM obviously stark where is very big there with kyro and stuff like that and stark x and there'll be others but you can't deny the EVM's network effect at this point in the EVM's mode it's just it's really really big it's only getting bigger and you know as a people as much as people think the EVM is inferior technology it doesn't matter right it's what works it's what everyone's familiar with it's what the app developers are familiar with it's and it's basically what keeps getting network effect as as time goes on so little little tangent there but definitely go check out this and check out hash flow on on polygon if you're a regular user on the on the POS chain there so emperor on twitter put out a blog post over the weekend i think it was um titled a list of open problems in defi now i spoke last week about after the frog nation fallout about how i think that a lot of what we're seeing right now in quote unquote defi isn't actually defi or finance it's like ponzi games or money games and because of that people are kind of like misattributing things and saying okay well this is a problem in defi this needs to be solved and it's like well if it's a ponzi or if it's reliant on kind of like fresh money coming in for it to actually work and it only works in bull markets well that's a fundamental underlying issue that's not a like a problem that needs to be solved that's a fundamental issue that may not even have a solution right whereas the problems in defi that i think of immediately that immediately come to mind are things like relying too much on centralized front ends right admin keys multi sigs having uh having systems that basically are too interconnected with each other that's a one you know one little one cog in the system is too weak and if that breaks everything breaks like that those sorts of things um but in this blog post emperor put together a very very comprehensive list of open problems within defi that i think is a highly recommended read some things around kind of like risk management and risk scoring on lending borrowing pools which is something that a lot of users don't think about but is extremely important for the protocols to think about a bunch of other things around here around derivatives which can get out of hand as well reputation systems oracles you know oracles are a big thing that power all of defi and they carry a lot of risk with them as well so i definitely recommend giving this post to read for more context around around open problems in defi but these are the things that i think can be fixed we um in one way or another the things that i don't think can be fixed as i said are the fun are the products that are fundamentally built around the fact that they need new capital entering all the time to even work and once that capital kind of dries up they fall apart completely and of course i'm talking about things like um not not so much olympus i think olympus is making an honest attempt at trying to build something uh that that actually has long-term lasting value but the forks of it definitely aren't and all the forks have pretty much like dumped really really hard because the game was up the musical chairs this the the the music stopped and there was literally one chair for like you know a thousand people so that i think that those are fundamental issues that aren't going to be fixed but even still in saying that uh i think that there are kind of like ways that these teams such as olympus can kind of like work around this find better mechanisms to put in place uh even if they have to re-architect things and then it could be cool but these open problems are different to that uh once again i i i have to stress the fact that just because something calls itself defy doesn't mean that it's actually defy or finance related it just it could just be you know saying that it's defy because it's just easy for that for them to market themselves as that a lot of these things are ponzis all of these things are money games a lot of these things are not going to be the future of finance right not even the future of france they're just going to a lot of them are going to not i mean nothing goes to zero but a lot of them are going to lose a lot of people money because they think that it's defy when in reality it's not but anyway uh done with the rant there onto the next update from joey here who announced tribe turbo turbo over the weekend which is a new defy primitive which allows any token to become productive and provide fail liquidity at no cost to the markets that need it most how is this possible you ask well joey has a thread here now this is innovation in defy this is stuff that people have kind of like talked about with regards to defy 2.0 and you know as i've said to you guys before i think the defy 2.0 branding is just kind of uh just that's like marketing right it's just like kind of a meme i think that there's plenty of innovation going on within defy and the protocol oils that people refer to as defy 1.0 that uh there's no use kind of like separating them anymore it's just defy to me and there's no defy 3.0 or defy 4.0 it's just defy guys and we're improving it as time goes on and that's exactly what uh what joey's doing here with fe protocol uh by with uh with tribe turbo joey and of course his team in the community as well um i definitely recommend giving this thread a read for a uh a breakdown of exactly what's going on here what what's happening you know when to expect that stuff like that uh because it's very very interesting so i'll link that in the youtube description for you guys so joseph dalong actually teased this over the weekend and i just wanted to give a quick shout out here there is a new protocol coming called astaria and i have no idea what it does there i don't think there's any information about it they have one tweet um saying we are all on borrowed time and people were kind of i think focusing on the the word time here i'm thinking it was referenced to the wonderland project and it was kind of like going to be another um another uh olympus fork another arm fork i don't know all i know is that joseph dalong's involved who was the former cto of sushi swap and before that he was working on e2 stuff very very smart guy i'm very much looking forward to seeing what this is but i thought i'd put it on your guys radar because i usually try to point out projects when they're really early on in their life cycle uh for you guys so you guys can get can get on ball with it and be kind of like early to it because at the end of the day i think the biggest maybe that not the biggest the most powerful alpha in this ecosystem is just being early to things that succeed now obviously being early to um to some things is not going to get you anywhere a lot of projects don't actually succeed a lot of projects may just have a pump and dump where their token goes up really quickly then comes back down really quickly but if you catch that just you know one that you're really early to you get in really early maybe you you know you get like a healthy airdrop for being early or you invest early on when no one else is paying attention to it or you become part of the team become part of the community and you get rewarded for that that is how i've seen a lot of people or pretty much everyone make their fortunes in crypto i mean all of my friends are hardcore theorem people we kind of like you know went through the bear market together all that sort of stuff we were relatively early to eth and that's kind of like where how we kind of like got to where we are um and also defy the you know defy summer in 2020 that's the same this came same kind of story there there are a lot of people who were very early to nfts and saw what was coming and made the right bets and have kind of like ridden that wave up so you can be i mean you could be early you can but but being late is very easy too because you can think that you're early in terms of kind of like uh the cycle because you've got to look at it from like a in crypto cycle and then like an out of crypto cycle there's the in crypto cycles that happen pretty regularly where things can get out of control and then come back down but you're still early if you kind of like take the out of crypto cycle into account which is a much longer term cycle so let maybe i'm confusing you guys for uh here but let me just use an example the way i think about it is eth went to 1400 in 2017 then went back to 80 by the end of 2018 that was an in crypto cycle eth went from i guess what was it 30 cents in 2015 to now two and a half or i guess whatever it is two thousand six hundred dollars right now um that is a kind of like an outer crypto out of crypto cycle because that is pretty much gone because we're not obviously at all time high we're not in like the four thousands or anything like that but the price that eth is now most of its life hasn't been at this price and as time goes on as ethereum becomes more successful the obviously the earlier you were the more more kind of like return you would have had but the thing is is that you can't just look at like the micro chasm of 2017 and 2018 and and in the rest of the bear market you have to kind of like look at the long term the macro sense if you want to look at the out of crypto cycle and i guess maybe that's the wrong terminology to use or maybe confusing terminology out of crypto just basically means that you know you if you expect more and more people to come into this industry to invest in this industry uh then uh over time the assets that you hold or the projects that you're backing if they're good should do well and the same was true for so many kind of projects i i use arva as an example right arva i think at the bottom of um arva's price which was known as um lend uh back in 2019 i think it bottomed out like a five million dollar market cap or something like that today i think it's two or three billion dollars in market cap so and and that's after it kind of like pumped up in 2017 because i believe it was an ico but uh you got you just got to look at the long term i mean this is just a roundabout way of me saying zoom out but you know it depends on your time horizon as well a lot of people don't want to have to hold on to something for 10 years to make a return i mean that's fine like you can go do whatever you want um you know if you want to make a lot of money within a few months i mean that's it's not investing to me it's kind of like speculating and gambling but uh that's the kind of like mindset a lot of people come into this industry with and you know i always find it funny that when it when it kind of like happens like that because the most successful people that i know in this industry and the ones that have made the most money are the long-term investors the short term they may make some money in in the short term but then they leave a lot on the table right it's like coming to a coming to a table uh eating really quickly like a dinner or i guess like a an all-you-can-eat table eating really quickly and then missing out on all the other food that that is yet to come it's the same with these short-term speculators that maybe hang around for three months they come they make a little bit of money really quickly but then they miss out on all the money they could have made by being a long-term investor and they could have made you know potentially a lot more so i think um you know bringing it back to astaria here not to say that this is kind of going to be a project that's going to kind of like uh it's going to get you to make it as they say but just being early in general to projects like astaria uh if they do succeed um i think is kind of like the best way to do that the best way to make it in this industry so definitely go follow the account keep an eye on it uh i'm very curious to see what this project is so the first lecture from tim roughgarden called the foundations of from his foundations of blockchain uh lecture series is now available on youtube so i think it's only a uh 10 minute video or at least kind of like the first first video is is 10 minutes here but as i mentioned before i'm pretty sure i mentioned this on refuel tim rough garden who is a professor at columbia university and also worked on eip1559 and did kind of like research paper for it he's now doing a fund foundations of blockchains lecture series on on youtube it's completely free so definitely go watch the first episode i really really enjoyed kind of like watching it it was it was pretty good even for me who obviously isn't a beginner uh it's still good to go back to the basics and go back to the foundations of things and there was actually one tweet in this thread that i really really loved and really resonated with and i think a lot of people are going to resonate with where tim says for us blockchains will not be about digital money except as a means to an end but rather a new computing paradigm a programmable computer that lives in the sky that is not owned by anyone and that anyone can use this is exactly kind of why i've been so interested in ethereum over some and smart contract chains in general over something like bitcoin i don't think money or just digital money is the revolution here i agree with tim the revolution is a new computing paradigm if you just look at the money thing you're kind of like getting maybe 10 of this industry even less than that but what i love about ethereum is that it still has the money aspect to it it still has a native asset tied to it that native asset is not just an afterthought it is part is a core part of the network but the ethereum network is so much more than ether as an asset it is obviously all of the apps running on top of it no matter what it is defi nfts whatever it's all of that sort of stuff it's i mean it's it's even beyond that it's like all the research that's going into all the building edge cryptography it's all the research going to bleeding edge computing stuff like roll ups and and stuff like that and all the privacy stuff we've got going on i mean it's so much more than just digital money which as tim says is just a means to an end and i agree with that but uh that's not to say that digital money isn't interesting it's just so much less interesting than the rest of what this industry has to offer so i just really liked that uh that tweet here from tim but i'll link this in the youtube description you can go check it out for yourself so uh just a couple of final things here l2b announced that they're going to be hosting a conference in amsterdam called layer 2 amsterdam happening on april 19th and april 20th this year and this is going to be happening around ef a dev connect here or dev connect and also ethe amsterdam as well i am going to be at amsterdam i know i originally said i was going to be at denver but apparently apparently but unfortunately i'm not able to make it to denver i am going to try so hard to make it to amsterdam i really really want to go i'm i'm you know i'm i'm i'm going i just like barring any kind of like things that stop me from going maybe i at the moment i don't think i can fly out unless i return a negative covert test so i think that's the only thing that would stop me from going is that if i return a positive covert test before my flight i won't be able to actually uh go go um but i'm planning to come and i'm planning to stay in amsterdam for a couple of weeks as well definitely want to see what the um what the city has to offer but i'm super pumped for this i'm pumped for like everything i mean dev connect is uh is going to be focusing on the economics of ethereum as well i believe which is super exciting because usually ethereum conferences don't do that um and then obviously layer two amsterdam is going to be from l2b is going to be focusing on the layer 2 ecosystem and then eight amsterdam is going to be a classic hackathon bunch of different talks from different people and i'm sure there's going to be other side events happening during that kind of like one to maybe two week period there so i'm super looking forward to this i hope to meet a lot of you in amsterdam i was hoping to meet a lot of you in denver but that's not happening so amsterdam in april is the next best thing here uh but yeah definitely go i kind of check this out i think there's a way to rsvp yet but you should be following the l2b account on twitter anyway um l2b obviously is that website that tracks all the l2 metrics l2b.com i've talked about them a lot on the on the radio before so yeah definitely go uh go check that all out all right finally here i just wanted to give a quick shout out that uh as you guys know i'm an advisor to polygon and i was contacted for uh by the team because they want some help recruiting someone to lead dev rel or developer relations in the us so if this sounds like you if you think that you can do developer relations i mean if you don't know what that is then then you probably can't do it especially you probably can't even you obviously can't lead and lead it but if it sounds like you if it's something that you are interested in doing it's something that you've got experience in uh definitely dm me on twitter i'll um i'll get back to you within the next couple of days and i'll do an intro with the polygon guys if you fit the bill um and dm me with an intro of yourself don't just dm me and say hey i'm interested because i've got too many dams to go through so please just intro with uh with why you think you're kind of i guess like fit for the role i think this is obviously an awesome role because of the fact that you'll be working with one of the bleeding edge kind of like ethereum scaling solutions polygon's awesome i mean the team's awesome i've worked with them as an advisor for over a year now i have nothing but good things to say about them of course um but yeah if this kind of like fits you then definitely uh dm me on twitter with an intro uh if i don't get back to you uh it's because i it's either that i've i've um i've got other people that have already kind of like been passed on or you didn't fit the bill so don't take offense to it um but still don't be shy reaching out to me uh on twitter there now i have a couple of minutes left i just wanted to make a quick comment about the markets i know i've talked about the markets a bit too much lately i don't usually do it but quick comment on the markets here i i'm really i'm a little bit frustrated about kind of like what i saw play out on twitter over the last few months especially with all of these traders and rotators just shilling absolute garbage to everyone i just want to like this isn't investment advice but i just want to give a bit of like kind of life advice to you guys i personally have never other than my first foray into crypto in 2013 i have never since i got back into crypto in 2017 looked at these people and said oh i want to buy this thing because this person shield it to me as i said to you guys before if someone is shilling you something especially a trader on twitter they've already packed their bags they could have packed their bags before you know ages ago and like at a much cheaper price what they're doing by shilling it to you especially if they're a trader they're looking to pump the price up so that they can have exit liquidity so they can have a higher price to exit at and so they're not going to tell you that they sold they're never going to tell you that they sold and there's plenty of these people who do this and it really really annoys me when this happens because i know people get hurt doing this they buy into it they get dumped on and then they're kind of left holding the bag two weeks ago everyone was memeing this thing this acronym foan which stands for phantom or ftm one uh atom and near right the the the uh the other kind of like quote unquote eath killers or the l1 trait everyone was like oh we're going to rotate into this because these haven't pumped yet well they rotated into it right it worked for a couple of days then the market crashed in two weeks all of these things are down 50 so you lost half your money if you bought at around the time that these people were kind of like shilling these stuff to you so and they probably sold right because they know what they're doing well not all of them but like a lot of them do so just as an example there i i just i get so frustrated when i see this because i know people are getting hurt and people are kind of losing money here i think that as always being a longer-term investor investing in things you actually believe in unless you're a trader if you're a trader you can do what you want but if you're an investor you shouldn't be following what traders are doing because if you're planning to invest in something and hold it for the long term by listening to a trader you're you're you're diametrically opposed a trader's position is dictated by days weeks and sometimes months a long-term investor's position is usually dictated by years so you're literally playing a different game so i just wanted to kind of like get a get give a bit of um heads up there for you guys because i've seen people kind of like just ah it's just been a mess lately i've seen a few people kind of like really lose some money jumping into this sort of stuff so i just figured i'd bring that up but anyway i'm gonna leave it there for today so thank you everyone for listening and watching be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet give the video a thumbs up subscribe to the newsletter join the discord channel and i'll catch you all tomorrow thanks everyone