 Hello everyone, welcome to another episode of the deadly grey refuel. Where are you kept the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem? I'm your host Dan Ninsa, signer and today's the 25th of July 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So a bit of a slow weekend this past weekend, actually haven't got that much to get through, which is surprising. I thought that I missed things, but yeah, just didn't seem to be a very kind of eventful weekend. But that does mean that I have kind of like a chance to talk about a few things I've wanted to talk about for a little while here. And one of those things is just the general kind of, I guess, like markets and I guess the bull case for ETH that you've heard me give like a lot of times before, but I feel like it's worth reiterating at times like this. I haven't really talked about it for a little while, especially when it comes to kind of like the merge. And I know the price action has been kind of meh recently, obviously we've bumped off the lows, went to I think what, 1600 and something, and now we're hovering around 1500 or something. And I got no idea, you know, if we're going to go into another bull market anytime soon or anything like that. I don't think so. Like for me, the way I kind of like look at things is that after kind of like dumping that hard and finding, you know, potentially finding a bottom, it kind of like just likes to go sideways for a little while. But the thing is, is that like, I talk to my friends about this all the time in crypto. I'm just kind of like, I was like, I get the thesis of like it going sideways for a while. I get the thesis of it potentially continuing to be bearish because the macro environment is so poor still. But then I'd look at this upcoming huge catalyst for Ethereum in the merge and I kind of like, look at that. I'm like, I can't, I just can't see like, or be bearish at this point in time. And I put out this tweet when I was talking to my friends about this, just to kind of quantify this. And this is, this is something that, that Hal Press talked about on Bankless, but essentially my tweet says, you know, newly issued e-thinning the market today is 13,500 e-th, which is $22 million. Newly, well, $22 million is at about $1,600 e-th. And then I said, newly issued e-thitting the market for six to 12 months after the merge is zero, because as you guys know, with withdrawals unenabled until six to 12 months after the merge. So no new supply that's being issued is going to come to market because it can't be withdrawn. And none of the kind of like rewards that were paid to validators up until this point from December 1st, 2020 can be withdrawn either. And then I continued by saying, what do you think happens to the price of e-th when we remove up to 13,500 e-th of daily minor sell pressure? Now people obviously replied to this and kind of like, I guess put a more nuanced view on this. And I want to speak to a few of those points. Obviously, miners do not market dump 13,500 e-th each and every single day, right? Like it's, it just doesn't happen like that. What they typically would do is they'd probably go through an OTC desk or they'd sell slowly over time. But the point is, is that most of that e-th will enter circulation, will be sold because it's forced to be sold. Miners have fixed costs in that they have to pay their electricity. They have to pay their maintenance. They have to pay the personnel. I have to pay all those ongoing kind of like costs, right? There's no way around that. Even if they want to stack e-th, they still have to pay their costs. Just like you've got bills to pay. So do they, like maybe you look at your paycheck and like, I'm getting paid this much this week. I want to put this much into e-th and then you can't because you literally don't have the money leftover after paying your bills. It's the same for these miners. But the thing with miners is that they're getting paid in e-th. Like that is their revenue stream. And to kind of like realize that e-th in dollars, they have to sell it. So they sell it and they sell a lot of it. Now, obviously post merge, we're still going to be having issuance. That's going to be going to validators, but we're dropping this by about 80 to 90%. And I think at current, I mean, I'm kind of like going off like rough napkin math here, but at current kind of APY, validators are being paid, I think 1500 to 2000 e-th ish kind of like per day. At current kind of account staked e-th amount. And that will obviously be variable depending on the amount of e-th staked. Now, well, that's the first thing. And the second thing is that stakers don't have those ongoing costs like miners, right? Like, yeah, they'll probably have to sell for kind of like taxes and things like that, but they don't have to sell, I mean, maybe a little bit for electricity, but not really because they're probably just using marginally more than they would otherwise use. But they don't have those massive electricity costs. They don't have to kind of like keep re upgrading their hardware every few months or every maybe six or 12 months, something like that. They don't have kind of like storage costs like to do an industrial size staking kind of like a set up, you can do it from your home computer. Like that's hilarious to me that that is the case because to do that with mining, you need a whole warehouse and that is obviously not cheap, right? So there's all those costs that kind of like get collapsed with that. But not only that, right, it's also the fact that it's going to be zero for six to 12 months. So if you look at the way the market dynamics work, right, it's all based on supply and demand. Obviously, I was working about it before and I said supply is just one factor. If the demand isn't there, then price is going to go down even if the supply is zero. But the thing is, it has a lot of natural demand, right? It obviously has demand to pay fees, has demand for people that want to stake, want to use it as collateral, want to use it in his investment vehicle. So each demand side is fine. Even at this point in time where we're considered like a bear market or a sideways market, if we stayed like this, right, if we stayed and had the same amount of demand post-merge, the price has nowhere to go but up because we just removed $20 million of daily sell pressure essentially, right? So if the demand stays the same and we remove $20 million, which is a lot of daily sell pressure, then the price has nowhere to go but up. And this is what Hal Press said, right, in his Bankless interview. And I just wanted to kind of reiterate that point. And one thing on that as well, people often point out, oh, but you know, ETH's daily trading volume is like $15 billion or something like that. You guys, like, I think you need, like, maybe you know this, but there are a lot of people who don't understand this. Trading volume and what moves the market is very, very different. So for example, most of the trading volume that you see and that kind of like CoinGecko and CoinMarketCap show has got to do with arbitrage, right? Arbitrage transactions between different exchanges add to that trading volume. And that's kind of like, it's not net neutral, but the people doing the arbitrage are not trying to kind of like buy ETH for like a long-term investment. And they're not new money. It's just the same money flowing around, doing ARBs, right? And there's a big debate about all of this, kind of like where that money ends up. But a lot of the volume is arbitrage, right? Secondly, there's a lot of scalpers, right? A lot of day traders out there. That's not new money. That's just the same kind of money sloshing around. Maybe they made money and some other trader lost money. It's the same net kind of like effect from that, right? And then I kind of like, there's a lot of volume that comes from miners selling right through OTC desk, things like that. There's a lot of kind of like volume that comes from spoofing a lot of the time too. And this has actually been an issue for a while because exchanges will love to spoof their volume in order to make it look like they're doing better than they are. So trading volume is not a good indicator of how much money is actually required to move the price of ETH. Like obviously we don't need $15 billion a day of buy pressure to keep the price of ETH at what it is now. Like that's just insane. When you really kind of like think it through, it doesn't make any sense, right? So it's always at the margin. So the new money coming in and buying ETH, right? Or the existing money that's kind of like sideline and just sitting in stables, that is what will move the price because that is new net kind of like flows into ETH as an asset buying ETH on the market, which again adds to volume, right? Like it is a very solid as a buyer and vice versa. So that is what moves the price. And similarly, like the other way around, when there's more ETH flooding the market from these holders and people just selling, panic selling, all the blobs we saw from 3RAS Capital, Celsius, stuff like that, them selling ETH into the market, that obviously kind of like crashes the price. And we didn't require like billions, like $15 billion a day to kind of like crash the price. It required much less than that. And obviously on all the way down, on the way up, that's adding to the volume. Like it doesn't matter what price is traded at, even if it's only traded for a cent profit or a cent loss, it's still counted as the kind of like trading volume, right? So there's all of that that goes into it as well. So given those facts, you don't need much to move the price. Now we're going to have like $20 plus million of ETH of kind of like of supply just evaporate, just gone. It's not hitting the market anymore. And there's no new ETH hitting the market anymore. So any ETH that's being bought is kind of like taking a kind of like net loss out of the market for available ETH because there's no new ETH being kind of brought to market. Now, obviously six to 12 months after the merge, there will be new ETH that's brought to market and there will be probably people unstaking their ETH. So we don't know what the price is going to do then, but there is a kind of like period, sorry, an unlock queue for unstaking ETH. So there can only be about 30,000 ETH that can be unlocked per day. And it's based on validators, not the ETH staked. And it's not like all 13 million ETH that's staked right now can just unlock and be market done. That's not going to happen like that anyway. I bet you most people aren't even going to kind of like unlock their ETH and sell it. I reckon people will do what I referred to before as the great reshuffling, where they'll kind of like take their ETH out of somewhere else and put it into somewhere else to stake it. They're still going to, that's just not going to have any net effect on the price of ETH. So when you kind of like consider all these factors together, it's just really, really hard to be bearish on ETH. Like even given the wider context, given the macro context, I get it, right? The macro environment is shit. It could get worse from here. I'm not a macro expert. I don't think anyone's an expert on it. From everything that I've read from all the different kinds of people out there who monitor the macro environment, there's not really a strong consensus on anything in particular. There are kind of like rough consensus on things. Like obviously, you know, there's a high likelihood there's going to be a recession and there's a high likelihood the Fed's going to keep raising rates for a little while and stuff like that, right? But at the end of the day, like it's just speculation on what kind of like the Fed will do, how the economy will go. And there's no way to tell how crypto will react to that either because of the fact that crypto has never experienced those kind of conditions. Obviously, we came down a lot, but I actually think like a lot of that was due to the just leverage blowing up in crypto. That's another thing that also makes me bullish is the fact that there's no more big players left to liquidate guys. Like we blew them all up already. Like ETH went to triple digits because of that. So if we have no one left to liquidate and no big players left to liquidate, no kind of like big sellers on the horizon, if everyone's already been wiped out, if the people that are left right now buying ETH are long-term accumulators, which, you know, this is usually what this kind of like sideways range is called, it's a re-accumulation range, and we have this massive supply shock coming. And then on top of that, the merge itself and the narrative surrounding that, obviously Ethereum going to prove a mistake is huge. And then you have all these people searching for an asset that is going to outperform in one of the most market conditions in the last like 40 years, right? It all comes together in my mind. Now, obviously I could be totally wrong here. Obviously I could be wrong about how strong the effects are from how bad kind of macro environment is. But when I think about just ETH in the context of just ETH, I don't think about anything else, right? I just think in the context of ETH, it's impossible for me to be bearish, at least over the next few months and potentially six or 12 months, given all of the things I've just kind of like spoken about there. And, you know, that's not to say that the price can't go down. It's not to say the price can't go back down to the lows, right? Like, I mean, I certainly can, right? I don't know where it's going to go from here, but like when I look at these things just as kind of like holistically, I just come to that conclusion. But yeah, that's kind of like all I wanted to talk about when it comes to this. I think I could go on for a long time about it, but I'm going to leave it at that on that point. But yeah, if you have a different view than me, you know, say in the YouTube comments or in the Discord channel, I'd love to kind of debate this with you. Please challenge my assumptions here. Please try to kind of like break down my bull case here, because obviously I'm bullish bias. Like I'm always bullish on ETH. Like it doesn't matter if the kind of like world was on fire. I would still be bullish on ETH, right? So I'd love to be challenged on all my assumptions here. I'd love for someone to give me a bear case for ETH over the maybe the next six to 12 months, like, and kind of give a counter case to what I just gave as kind of like the bull case there. But, you know, I don't know, like everything that I've kind of like thought about, I haven't been able to come up with something. But as I said, I'm as I said, I have bullish blinders on. Maybe I'm missing something. Would love to hear your thoughts there, but I'm going to leave it at that because some other stuff I wanted to get through here. But yeah, let's get on to the next thing. So just something really cool here from Tim Biko. He visited this kind of like museum that has a mainnet miner and POS test net kind of like running here. So you can see here, it's kind of like an art display or a museum display on the wall with cryptocurrency and the blockchain with some information about NFTs. And then you've got him kind of like zooming in here or guests like taking closer pictures here of a kind of like proof of stake test net and an eighth kind of minor node here as well, which is really cool. So I just thought that was cool. Is that the Seattle NFT museum, which I didn't even know existed that Seattle had like a dedicated NFT museum, which I thought was pretty funny. But yeah, it's cool to see that it's cool to see that something like this, some, some, some kind of display here. It actually inspired me a little bit. Maybe I should do something like this in my study. Obviously you can see behind me. I love doing stuff in my study, but this was really, really cool. I just wanted to kind of like highlight that. But yeah, there was a few other kind of like core development things I actually wanted to talk about as well today, which is starting with this one from Swagdumas. So Lynn Olden, look, I'm not going to rant on about kind of like Lynn Olden and, and kind of like things that she kind of says that's wrong about Ethereum, especially when it comes to proof of stake. I've gone into that on, in the discord channel. Basically she put out this tweet where she said proof of stake with the rich controlling which transactions go through and with the node requirements so large that regular people can't order the blockchain. So she, she is one of these people that kind of like push this notion that proof of stake Ethereum is going to have on chain governance and that everything's going to be ruled by the rich, which I just think is insane. But I don't want to debate that today. But then she also kind of like shows her lack of knowledge here by thinking that the node requirements are going to get so large that people can't order the blockchain. This to me, just, there's just her saying this mean like shows me she has done no research into how Ethereum is actually tackling that problem. And Swagnam has put out kind of like tweets saying, you know, if you're looking at the future hypothetical state where the world economy runs on Ethereum, then Lynn just ignored stateless clients, vertical trees, data availability, sampling rollups and L3s and purging historical data. Note that rollups data can be stored on hard drives and not on hard drives as well, not just solid state drives. And then I replied to Swagnam as saying, you know, Ethereum have been talking about how to manage node requirements and state growth from basically day zero guys like this is not something that's new to us. This has been in the works for a very, very long time. But obviously the other things took priority getting a theory of stake took priority scaling Ethereum, you know, took takes priority over this sort of stuff. But this is part of that roadmap, the purge, the surge, diverge, all those sorts of things is part of this is making sure that people can still audit the blockchain so that the node requirements don't get insane, like something like a Solana, for example, whether no requirements are insane. That's why kind of like we focused on that with Ethereum because we don't want to get to that point. And then I continued by saying, you know, there's been a lot of research and development that has led to the things that Swagnam has mentioned, but it's easier for Lynn to just post this uninformed opinion than do actual research, which obviously, as an educator, annoys me to no end. But if you don't know what these things are that are listed here in Spark's tweet, I highly recommend just googling each of them and learning about them because they're the next things the next big things after kind of like proto dank sharding goes live, that's going to be the focus and it's not going to come you know, anytime soon like that. I think like most of these things is a kind of like five year time horizon sort of sort of thing. But a lot of work's being done on it already. A lot of research is being done on it. And it's not like if you're the Ethereum ecosystem is ignoring the kind of like issue of no requirements getting to kind of like, to what's what I'm looking for to, to expensive or to kind of like, what am I looking for? Yeah, I the words kind of like escaped me, but we've kind of like tackling this problem so that people can continue to validate the chain on a kind of a consumer PC, for example. And it's not just the node requirements. It's also not just the node requirements on kind of like the CPU RAM side of things, but obviously on the storage side of things. Like we don't want the chain getting so big that it becomes really, really hard to sink it because it takes forever to sink because the chain is so big. And it also requires like this massive amount of storage in order to store everything. But on that note as well, storage is cheap guys. Like I remember like when solid state drives used to be really, really expensive, like 10 years ago or something like that when they first started rolling onto the market, that was super expensive. I just bought one the other day. I think it was like a two terabyte or kind of like a, I can't remember exactly how much it was, but it was a two terabyte kind of like Samsung top of the range NVMe SSD for a new build that I'm doing. And I think it was like 300 and something Australian dollars. Maybe it was even less than that. But buying that like 10 years ago, I mean, I don't think NVMe SSDs existed 10 years ago in a consumer fashion, but it would have cost you many thousands of dollars and those costs keep coming down. And obviously same for hard drives. They're extremely cheap these days. So those sorts of things, you know, obviously still cheap, but the problem is when it comes to storage, is making sure that everyone in the network can sync the node because we don't want the, you know, full node getting to like 30 terabytes, for example, like it would take a long time for people to be able to sync 30 terabytes worth of the chain. Now there's already kind of like things in place on these Ethereum full nodes, such as kind of like Snap Sync, Fast Sync, stuff like that. But we obviously still want to be able to run archive nodes for different various reasons. And we obviously want to make it so that the chain doesn't buckle either and the chain doesn't become unstable. So there's a lot to think about when it comes to these sorts of things. And that's exactly why we have these four things that Swagdom has mentioned along with, I think some other things out there as well that I can't think of right now, but I do believe there's other things out there as well on this front. So just wanted to highlight that, as I said, highly recommend going and Googling each of these sorts of things, learning about them, because they're going to be very, very important over the next few years. All right. So speaking of full nodes and running kind of like node infrastructure on Ethereum, there is this kind of Ethereum client called Akala, which is a brand new implementation of Eragon in Rust. And basically what Akala is able to do is able to synchronize an Ethereum full archive node almost twice as fast as Eragon, about 35 and a half hours, which is a pretty insane achievement because for those of you who don't know, to sync an archive node used to take a very long time. I think it used to take like over four weeks or something like that. And that was a while ago when the chain was smaller. And I should also say an archive node here is not the same as a full node. So a full validating node that you can run that is not as nearly as big as an archive node. I believe an archive node is over 10 terabytes these days, but a fully validating full node is a few hundred gig. The main difference is that a full validating kind of like node will give you everything, will give you the full security. You know, it's a full node, it's equivalent to a full node in Bitcoin. Whereas an archive node, what that'll give you, it'll give you like the nitty gritty details of everything that's ever happened. So for example, if you wanted to check the balance of your Ethereum address on the 20th of July, 2016, for example, you won't be able to do that with a full Ethereum node, but you will be able to do that with a full archive node. Now, obviously the balance has changed over time. That's why you wouldn't be able to do it with a full node because it just keeps the current balance. Whereas an archive node will tell you at every single point in time when, we don't know what the balance was of this account or what the state of this account was. Now, obviously that's a lot of data, it's a lot of information. That's why these things, that's why an archive node is over I think 10 terabytes. And that's why there's been a lot of work done on Aragon side and ICLR side to get the sync time down because that sort of information is relevant and useful for a lot of infrastructure providers. And, you know, it's still needed. We still want to be able to run archive nodes and keep them kind of like up and synced and everything like that. So really, really awesome to see this. And I think it's just going to get better over time. It's really crazy how much kind of like improvements are still coming to Ethereum kind of like core client infrastructure. Like it doesn't stop really. And it gets better and better over time with different implementations, kind of like doing these sorts of things as well, which I think is really, really cool. All right, finally here, I put out a tweet before, which I kind of like wrote a newsletter about today. I said, a social culture of caring about this about decentralization is arguably much more important than trying to achieve some nirvana of technical decentralization. Now, this is something that I have a really big issue with. There's a lot of people on crypto Twitter who spend way too much energy and time talking about technical decentralization and saying how their chain's more decentralized because it has more validators, or it has more nodes, or it has a better Nakamoto coefficient, all these sorts of stuff, right? When in reality, if your social layer and your social culture isn't robust, doesn't have a kind of a culture of decentralization, isn't aligned on an ethos of kind of like decentralization, then it doesn't matter how good your technical implementation is, it's not going to really mean anything because the social layer is the most important layer. But even expanded on that, like if your social layer is shitty, if your social layer doesn't actually value decentralization, well then the technical implementation is going to reflect that. Why would anyone bother building a technically decentralized thing when the social layer doesn't care about it, when no one's pushing for it, when no one's asking for it? Well, they're not. We've seen this time and time again with other layer ones. They just throw out decentralization because their social layer doesn't care about it. Their social layer is just speculators, it's just noobs who don't care about these sorts of stuff. So that's kind of like leads to that technical centralization because the social layer doesn't care about that. Whereas in Ethereum, the main reason that Ethereum has not gone down that path is the social layer. It is the fact that people care about decentralization and are pushing towards solutions that retain that decentralization rather than forcing us to go down a centralized path. And I think there's probably two very clear examples of this that I can think of at the top of my head. One of them is the multi-client architecture of Ethereum. We didn't have to have five different execution and consensus layer clients, guys. We only had to have one. We didn't have to have one on each side. But the thing is we prioritize multi-client architecture because we believe overall it is a better way to build a network. And because of that, we have a decentralization and a distribution of client developers. Not everyone is just kind of centralized in Geth, for example, or in Prism. We have a robust set of teams that are mostly independent. I think pretty much not every team is independent of each other, but most of them are. And they all bring unique ideas. They all attract different people. The clients are written in different languages, attract different kind of developers. It's just amazing. They attract different kind of personalities, right? And we kind of have a very vibrant ecosystem of clients that people can run. No one's forced to run just one client software. So I think that's obviously a really, really big benefit to Ethereum. And that is because of the social decentralization that we have. But on top of that, we have the layer two ecosystem. The Ethereum network could have easily just been like, okay, we'll just kind of scale everything up on layer one. Who cares about the decentralization? We'll just centralize everything and we'll basically make a super scalable chain and it'll be well and good. But we didn't go down that path. We went down the path of, hey, let's scale via layer two, let's go via roll-ups, right? And let's keep layer one as a decentralized secure settlement layer. And then at layer two, we can have these robust set of kind of like teams building solutions. And look at what we have today. We have so many different layer two teams building solutions, building scaling solutions for Ethereum. They're decentralized and distributed all over the globe. Pretty much all of them are independent. They're all distributed. They all got their own kind of like agendas and kind of like they force competition to happen at layer two. So again, Ethereum did not centralize that because it's social layer didn't allow that to happen. Social layer wanted decentralization. So I think that's a very, very important point that most people miss is that technical decentralization is so overrated, guys, because if you don't have social decentralization, you can't get to technical decentralization because you have apathy. It's kind of like democracy. Democracy only works if you participate in it. If everyone's just apathetic, no one votes, if no one cares, well then a democracy is not a democracy anymore. It turns back, it just reverts back to a dictatorship or some other form of authoritarianism. I don't know how to say that word. But essentially, the same is true for blockchains. Now, I don't think blockchains are democracies, but they function in a similar way where being apathetic towards something just leads to worse outcomes. At least that's my kind of like view on things. So just wanted to kind of break down because I see so many people on Twitter especially talking about, oh, Ethereum only has this much or Ethereum only has that many validators or it's a meme that they have this many validators or this has more validators than Ethereum means it's more decentralized, blah, blah, blah, all this sort of stuff. Guys, it doesn't matter. All that matters, I mean, not all that matters, but the number one thing that matters before technical decentralization is the social layer, in my mind at least. But leaving at that last couple of things to get through before I finish up for today, a couple of project updates actually. So we have Scott, who is the head of NFT product at Uniswap here announcing that they'll be launching NFTs on Uniswap with full pseudo swap support sued. So you can see the pool data flowing in here. Now, as you guys know, Uniswap has been making a move into NFTs lately. They acquired Genie in order to do this. And I think it makes sense. NFTs are obviously an absolutely huge market. It's going to be a very persistent market. It doesn't matter how much speculation is in it and how many people hate it. It's still going to be big, I think. And it's still got a lot of people interested in it. It's still got lasting value here. So very, very cool to see Uniswap continuing to support this and doing it at a rapid clip as well. I wonder what Uniswap V4 is going to look like. Is it going to have a focus on NFTs? Are they even going to do a V4? Are they going to maybe build products on top of V3? They being Uniswap Labs, for example, there. I'm not sure exactly what those things are going to look like. I'm sure V4 is being worked on. But yeah, I'm very, very curious to see how much NFT-related stuff gets included in that. But yeah, cool to see that Uniswap here is making more moves in the NFT land. All right, finally here, just an update out of Lyra Finance. So Nick here from Lyra said, three weeks in and Lyra LPs are generating 38% annualized market neutral returns with zero token incentives and zero trading incentives. Been a quiet few weeks as I've been heavy R&D mode, about to get much louder over here. Fundamentals have never been stronger. So for those of you who don't know, Lyra is an options protocol that exists on Optimism. I think they're exclusively on Optimism. I don't think they're on any other networks just yet. But I just should disclose here, I'm an investor in Lyra here. But yeah, if you're into trading options, you should definitely check them out. I think they have a really great product. And it seems that they are growing really nicely here. They've been building, they're one of those kind of like teams that are just building through the bear, building on layer twos as well, which I really, really love. And a team that I really am glad to back because I just feel like they're, I mean, they're Australian based too. I always love backing Aussie based teams. But they just like, they're building a product that I think a lot of people want. It's just that options didn't really work on layer one, obviously because of the lack of scale and the high fees. And I think they're going to work much better on layer two. And they're also part of the synthetics ecosystem, which as you know, as I mentioned, has been doing very well lately as well. So I just love all, I'm loving all of this growth on layer two, like even during the depths of a bear market. I mean, at this point in time, guys, I think it's safe to say that we're in like the very depths of a bear market. And I was discussing this with my, with friends the other day as well, that I believe that May, 2021 was the actual real top. I believe November, 2021 was the dead cat bounce. And the reason we went to a new all time high was because we had all those institutions levering up and, you know, three hours capital, living up with borrowed money, Celsius, levering up all that sorts of stuff that we're just buying eighth, you know, they were staking yet. They were doing all this stuff with it and same with BTC. And it was not a real kind of like rally. It was what's been called a low conviction rally. And then we came off that. So I kind of obviously was down to the eight hundreds, but I think that, you know, May, 2021 was the kind of like real top. That's my kind of like head cannon for the top. So if we, if we do that, then it's been over a year since then. So we really are in the depths of kind of like the bear market here, I believe. And I think that we came down very, very quickly as well. So that also counts for it, but I just love seeing growth in a bear market. I love seeing people kind of like, continue to build, allow seeing people continue to build on layer twos. Like that's my jam these days. You guys know that. But yeah, you should check out liar if you haven't yet. You can kind of like check this out. Obviously I'll at least tweet in the YouTube description below, but I think on that note, that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to newsletter, join the discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.