 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deli Gui Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Susano, and today is the 19th of May, 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So just a final shout out here. You have a couple days left to purchase some Deli Gui merch. If you're interested in that, this is part of the original drop that I spoke about a couple weeks ago. It's coming to an end in a couple days. So if you're interested in getting a t-shirt or a hoodie here, you can go to shop.metafactory.ai and run through the process to kind of like pick one up for yourself there. I think the way it works is that once the drop ends, they're going to start kind of like running through the printing and all that sort of stuff and getting all that done and then they will kind of like ship it out to people. So very exciting. I can't wait to get mine and I'll be wearing it on the refill, that's for sure. Alright, on to some merge related news. So the Ropsten Beacon Chain configuration has now been merged in merging the kind of like GitHub sense here. And client releases are coming out soon. The genesis for the Ropsten, I guess like consensus layer will be on May 30th with the merge transition due to happen on June 8th on the Ropsten testnet once TTD is reached. So we're so close guys, like I know I say this all the time, but like Ropsten hopefully goes through smoothly, then we can move on to either Girly or Sepoia. Then we can, and then we, you know, one of those two and then we do one of those two again like a few weeks later. And as I said to you guys, I'm expecting an August merge here. And look, I've said that September could be on the cards, but you got to remember that the difficulty bomb is not being pushed back. At least that's the kind of like latest on it. So it not being pushed back means that but if the merge was to happen in like mid August, we would already be at 20 second block time. So for those of you who don't know how the difficulty bomb works, basically, it's a mechanism that was put in place to make sure that Ethereum developers didn't kind of like get slack and a quarter helpers didn't get slack and Ethereum kept shipping updates. And what it does is it basically slows kind of like it basically increases the difficulty to mine the Ethereum chain kind of exponentially. And it becomes very, very difficult to mine, which means block times get longer. Now, I think it got to a point where we had 30 second blocks at one point, but that was like before DeFi took off or anything like that. So and what ends up happening is that a 20 second blocks were basically reducing the capacity of the chain by about 25%, which means that you would probably expect fees to go up in that scenario, right? So if we only had two weeks of that, I don't think it would be a big deal. I was actually talking to Hal Press about this. We had our kind of call today and I was talking to him about this today, where we both kind of like agreed that we didn't think it was a big deal that for two weeks, kind of like if kind of like the difficulty bomb resulted in 20 second block times. And I actually argued that if we push back the difficulty bomb, you know, sometime soon, it would probably lead to the definite delay. I mean, it definitely would kind of like, I mean, I hate using the word delay, but definitely would push the merge out to something like a September or kind of like potentially even October sort of thing. But I'm pretty confident that if all the public test nets go well, August is definitely a high chance to happen here for the merge. So definitely, if you're interested in kind of like getting, I guess, involved with the Robson test net or any kind of like a test nets, keep an eye on the Ethereum GitHub kind of like page there and you'll be able to download the clients and all that sort of stuff and to get involved with it there. It's definitely technically involved. Definitely, it's something that you just do if you want to do. It's not a requirement. It's kind of like doing it out of altruism. So don't think that you need to do it. Don't think that if you don't do it, then your stuff won't happen. It's really just if you want to get your feet wet with it, if you want to be part of history, you can do that. So definitely go kind of like check all that out. But yeah, we're very close, guys. It's the 19th of May today. June 8th is not that far away. It's like, I don't know how many days are out of May. Like, let's say it's kind of like 20 days away or probably less than that. So very, very close. I'm super excited and I just can't wait to kind of like see this go through the merge transition. All right, so speaking of the merge transition, Abdallah Hamid from kind of like Only Dust here today, kind of like it's a kind of project for onboarding Devs into Starknet said that they're going to be doing an NFT drop for merge testers. So as I just mentioned, I mean, doing the kind of like merge testing on the public test, that's like being involved there is definitely an altruistic thing and you're not going to get much out of it, but you can potentially get an NFT out of it so you can receive a proof of participation in this kind of like historic moment. If you're going to cut, if you're kind of like testing kiln and I'm sure they're going to do others for the other public test nets as well. So if you've been on kiln and you're still testing it out and still running the software, there's going to be a snapshot done at a block and then you'll be able to kind of like get an NFT here, which I think is pretty cool because I definitely will encourage some people to kind of like run these testing software that they otherwise wouldn't have, just because they'll be able to get an NFT out of it and kind of like be part of history. If I can stop being lazy, I might kind of like do it because I definitely like, you know, getting NFTs and getting like historical Ethereum NFTs. But if you're interested in it as well, you can go read kind of like this, I guess, like this post here, which I'll link in the YouTube description for you to kind of like get all the details on that one. All right, so rated.network, a website that I've highlighted before that covers kind of like client diversity and pool diversity in Ethereum, has a shift, a new feature called pool operator drill down. So you're now able to kind of like click into any of these entities or any of these pool operators and kind of like see kind of like a breakdown of them. So if we click into Lido here, we can actually see where the stake is sitting within the Lido system. So as I've described to you guys before, Lido has, I think they've got 28 stakers that also, sorry, 28 staking service providers that they kind of like send ETH to when you send it into Lido. And you can see, I think, I don't think all of them are listed here, but many of them are listed here. And you can see kind of like things like pool penetration. So what share do they have of the overall Lido kind of like a stack here? And it's actually the attempts made to make it as equal of a distribution as possible. And you can actually see proof of that like block space, which is I think number one here has 5.77%. And then so do kind of like a bunch of other ones and then a bunch of other ones have a little bit less. And you can see on the next page kind of like some have even less than that. And then you can see like client distribution of these different staking providers. It's actually pretty well distributed. This is why Lido distribution is pretty good. You can see like pink is Prism and Prism is still the majority client but like much less than it was. And then you can see Tequ in kind of like this turquoise color, Lighthouse in a kind of like a I guess a darkish blue and Animbus in an orange here as well. So you can see it's very, very distributed actually. There's some providers that are running like 100% Lighthouse. None of them are running 100% Prism, I believe. I think the highest is 95% Prism here. But yeah, I mean, look, it's distributed in terms of kind of like overall is like a Lido ecosystem. But it would be really cool to see each of these kind of I guess like staking service providers do like an even split, right? 25, 25, 25, 25 between the four major clients or if they wanted to do kind of like, you know, 20 to 22, 22 and then 22 and then fill the rest with like a load star or something like that. That'd be cool to see. But overall Lido's client distribution is really, really good. And they also kind of like rate the participation rates. So kind of like how many of the validators are participating in the network over time. And then they're kind of like effectiveness rating as well here. So this kind of like the performance of these node operators, which is really cool. But it's not just Lido that's been ranked here. You can see kind of like Coinbase. Obviously Coinbase as it currently exists is just one entity. But in the future when they do the liquid staking, that's going to change there. And then we can drill into something like Rocketpool as well. And kind of like see all the kind of like deposit addresses and the pool penetration of those. And the client distribution and stuff like that too. It's really cool to actually see that the 15.7% pool penetration here, which is the largest on Rocketpool, is 100% Nimbus. So that's really cool. But yeah, I love this. And kind of like you can check out all the, I guess like the rest of the pools here and the rest of the services at rated.network. If you want to check all that out. And they've also kind of like got global statistics up here and validated performance for the last 24 hours, which is really cool to see as well. But yeah, really cool to see this. I love this sort of stuff. I love drilling into kind of like the metrics and the statistics around the Beacon chain. Because I mean, the Beacon chain is going to be everything post-merge, right? There is going to no longer be proof of work metrics to pay attention to. We don't have to care about hash rate or anything like that. Really, we start caring more about, you know, I guess like obviously client diversity matters for both layers. But client diversity, participation rate, effectiveness rate, correctness, you know, pool penetration, you know, stake distribution, all those sorts of things. And to me, that's just a much more exciting and fun thing to focus on. I may be a little bit biased though, because I've never actually been a minor of any crypto network. I never really saw the point. Like my logic was always, I may as well just buy the crypto rather than trying to set up a mining farm. Because I didn't like, for starters, I didn't have the money to set up profitable mining farm. And secondly, it was a lot more kind of like, you know, work and overhead to do that rather than just buying, you know, ETH or something like that, right? Whereas the staking, I mean, I already had the ETH. And I was like, well, I'm not gonna just let the ETH sit in kind of like my cold storage. I'm gonna stake as much of it as I can. And it was just like a really cool project for me to do. So that's what I think is an overlooked benefit of proof of stake is that the stakeholders are the same, right? The stakers kind of like have a vested interest in ETH as an asset and are more aligned with the Ethereum community at large. Whereas miners traditionally haven't been. Like I was talking to some friends about this today. The hobbyist miner community, I think they are completely detached from at least most of them, not all of them. Look, there's always exceptions here. But I think the rule is that most of them seem very, very detached from the rest of the Ethereum ecosystem. Because they see mining as kind of like a business. They kind of like mining. So they like doing it. I mean, it's fine to like mining. Like, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. And, you know, they're kind of like staring down the barrel right now and kind of being like, oh, well, you know, when proof of stake comes, we're basically all fired. Which I mean, for lack of a better term, that's what's happening. We're firing the miners like instantly, right? But the main operations, the big kind of like mega mines, I think they are much kind of like have a much better understanding and kind of like more involved with the Ethereum ecosystem. But the hobbyists don't seem to be. Whereas the hobbyist Ethereum stakers, right? The ones who kind of like solo stake on their own stake at home like myself. They're much more closely aligned with the Ethereum ecosystem and are much more clued into what's happening within the kind of like wider Ethereum space rather than just like one small corner of it, right? And I think that that's because of the fact that the each stake is ETH holders too, right? Like it's kind of one and the same thing. Whereas miners don't necessarily have to hold ETH at all. They don't have to care about it. They can just sell all of their ETH whenever they get it to both cover their costs, obviously, but also to just kind of like lock in profits. They don't have to care about the asset. So I think there's a lot of those dynamics that go on. But as I said, I'm biased because I never did mine, never got involved with that community. But I've definitely been a staker. I've been a staker since literally day zero when the Beacon Chain went live. Since Genesis, I've been a staker and I've just been adding more validators over time as I've been able to stack more kind of like 32 ETH chunks there. And I'm hoping to get more involved with Rockerpool as well eventually. I'm definitely interested in becoming like an ODAO member and spinning up some of my own kind of like Rockerpool nodes and validators. Eventually, when I feel a little bit more comfortable with it once it's been running for a while. As you guys know, I'm very risk averse these days. But I definitely want to help there as well. So yeah, anyway, enough ranting on about staking. Let's move on to the kind of like rest of the updates. So the Protocol Guild has put through a governance proposal to the Uniswap community to fund the Protocol Guild pilot, which I've spoken about before. Just a quick reminder, if you want to know what the Protocol Guild is, there was a guest piece in the Delegator newsletter. There was a newsletter last week from Trent Van Epps, who's running the Protocol Guild or is one of the people running the Protocol Guild where he explained it all. So if you want to go learn about that, you can go to the delegator.substack.com and find the newsletter titled the Protocol Guild there. But anyway, this governance proposal kind of proposes that 500,000 Uni, which is worth about $2.5 million to be allocated to support the Protocol Guild pilot. And you can see kind of like all the details here. Trent has posted it and then there's a back and forth kind of like a guest discussion with a bunch of people with pros cons, you know, should we do this? Shouldn't we do this? But I think this is kind of like a really cool thing. I mean, they've kind of done this for the Protocol Guild has put forward proposals for Lido and Curve. Lido, I think, has gone through. Curve, I haven't kept up with. I think there was some pushback there. And Uniswap, I think, is a third proposal to so kind of the logic is to kind of like get into these treasuries and have them fund the Protocol Guild with a small part of their treasury in order to kind of give to public goods. And kind of like this proposal is the first step to getting that sort of stuff done, right? So if you're interested in reading this proposal, you can. It's not that long, right? But probably won't take you long to read. And then you can read the discussion as well and maybe get involved with the discussion if you're interested in doing that as well. But very cool to see this. I mean, you guys know I'm an absolutely massive public goods shill, for lack of a better term. Like I want to see as many public goods funded as possible. And the Protocol Guild outside of Gitcoin Grants is one of the best ways to do that in terms of kind of like overall impact and the amount of funds they're going to end up having. That's going to be really cool as well. So definitely go check this out. It'll be linked in the YouTube description below. All right. So Danny Ryan has shared that the EAF or Ethereum Foundation Data Availability Sampling RFP or kind of like Request for Proposals has just been released. So Data Availability Sampling or DAS is a hard but critical problem to solve in order to take us from EIP 4844 to our fully scalable future. So essentially, taking us from a dank sharding or proto-dank sharding to full dank sharding. $1.5 million in funding has been earmarked for proposals. So if this sounds like something you want to get involved in or you want to do, whether it's the research or development kind of like layers, this would be where to kind of like I guess put forward your proposal here to get some of that funding. Now, as Danny said here, this is a critical part of Ethereum scaling roadmap. So if you kind of like get chosen, if your proposal gets chosen, if you work as part of like this at all, you'd be contributing a kind of like contributing to a critical part of Ethereum's kind of like long-term roadmap, which I think is really cool, right, at the end of the day. So this is kind of like the process of what it looks like to submit a proposal. So, you know, the first kind of like step was the request. So the EF released the proposal request and then gather, you know, team submit their proposals, deliberate. So the EF will analyze these proposals, discuss dynamically any suggestions in structure, direction, fee schedule and all timeline, and come up with a basic, sorry, come up with a plan based on the resources and needs of an accepted proposals. And fourth step is proposed. EF proposes a final structure of the proposal based upon liberation discussions. And step five is the team accepts and the work begins. So not too long of a process here. And obviously they're kind of like taking proposals right now. So if once you do that as either a team, I guess you might be able to do it as an individual. But I think kind of like as an individual, you might just get lumped in with a team kind of like eventually on this sort of stuff. But yeah, you can read the kind of like full kind of like a post here for details on this. But cool to see that there's a kind of like RFP being put out for this. Because as I said, DAS is critical, is kind of like a core part of Ethereum's roadmap. And if you don't even, I should say if you don't know what DAS is, this is probably not something that you should be putting up for the proposal for, you know, most of the time. But, you know, even if you don't know what it is right now and you learn about it and you think you can contribute to it, definitely go and kind of like put forward a proposal. It's not just limited to people with existing knowledge. But I think like probably the people that are going to be putting forward proposals are going to be ones that are already familiar with this sort of stuff. So yeah. All right. So the block has an article out today where they've said that Meta, which is Facebook essentially, I mean Facebook rebranded to Meta, which kind of like is Facebook, Instagram and all that sort of stuff, has filed five trademark applications for something called MetaPay, which is teasing crypto and a crypto digital payment platform. Now, there's not too many details on this just yet. This is just coming from kind of like the trademark applications. I don't know if there's any details on where they're going to have this kind of like hosted. Is it going to be totally centralized within kind of like Facebook or Meta, I guess? Is it going to be built on Ethereum layer 2? Is it going to be built on a sidechain? Is it going to be built on another blockchain? I don't think there's any of those details just yet. And obviously, this isn't kind of like Facebook's first foray into payments within the crypto industry. They had Diem, which is their stablecoin project, which was once called Libra, which is called something else, which is kind of like completely failed to take off the ground. And actually, one of the people that was spearheading that project at Facebook is now working on Lightning Network or has started a Lightning Network related company, which I find kind of like just a bit wild, right? They went from kind of like Facebook to Lightning Network, but I guess that's a cool little transition there. But regardless of that, I'm going to be keeping an eye on this. I really do hope that Meta maybe partners with someone like Facebook, sorry, someone like Polygon who have already kind of like worked with Meta on the Instagram NFTs and stuff like that to do kind of like a payments layer 2, essentially on Ethereum, rather than building their own centralized thing or rather than kind of like building their own, oh, sorry, building this on another blockchain. So yeah, I hope Polygon kind of like skips them up here or any of the other layer 2 teams. But I think because Polygon already has that relationship with Meta through the Instagram integration, it'll probably be easier for them to kind of like land this than someone else. But yeah, I'll keep you guys updated if I come across any more details about this. All right. So speaking of, I guess, like traditional non-crypto companies getting in more into crypto, Robinhood has announced that they are going to be building a Web3 wallet. And you can sign up for early access today at this link, which I'll link in the YouTube description. But there really isn't many other details about this right now. There's like a teaser video and they're saying kind of like, you know, trade crypto with kind of like no fees and stuff like that. I don't know. Like, I don't know with kind of like what the deal is here. I don't know any more details about this. But I think it doesn't like what I suspect this is. It's probably going to be pretty centralized. I mean, I hope it's non-custodial, but I don't know because Robinhood is typically being like really bad with that. They didn't even let users withdraw their crypto from Robinhood for a long time. I don't know if they let them withdraw it yet. I'm not totally sure. But they didn't for the longest time withdraw crypto from Robinhood to their own wallet. So not sure if this is going to be non-custodial. Not sure what kind of like chains and assets they're going to be supporting from the get-go. I'm sure it's going to be Ethereum and Bitcoin. But in terms of kind of like other chains, I'm not sure or anything like that. I'm not sure if it's going to be a wallet like MetaMask. Is it going to be like a mobile only wallet or is it going to be a desktop wallet or is it going to be an extension wallet? There's no details that I've seen yet. If I've missed the details, guys, definitely hit me up with it. But yeah, I just haven't really seen these details myself yet. So yeah, I just thought I kind of like shout this out for you guys. If you want to sign up, you can. I think there's already half a million people on the wait list. So who knows what order they're prioritizing people to kind of use this. But regardless, I think, you know, we'll all know what it looks like once they start kind of like releasing this out to the public. All right. So Aztec Network, which is a privacy layer 2 network, have put together a thread talking about the official Aztec Connect launch countdown. So on June 6th, our system supporting cheap private transactions on a theory of Mainnet goes live, but a lot has to happen before then. And they go through this thread about what kind of like what has to happen before then and kind of like what, you know, I guess like we're three weeks away right now. And you can kind of like see the countdown here. So for women were four weeks away, there was an internal audit done with three weeks away. There's going to be third party audits done two weeks away. There's going to be system account migration one week away, main net contract, main net contract deployment, and then launch of the ZK money production deployment. So it's, I mean, it's not too far away, right guys? Like June 6, just before the Robson testnet merge transition goes through, which is, which is really, really cool. So yeah, I just want to kind of like shout this out that this is coming and on, on June 6th, sorry, on, I think on June 9th, Aztec Connect and the next version of ZK money will go live with our two launch partners, which is Element Finance and Lido Finance. You'll be able to get fixed yield products on layer two via Element Finance and liquid staking products, obviously with Lido Finance on layer two as well. We future DeFi integrations, DAO services and private NFT transfers are coming too. You guys know that my two main kind of like things that I'm watching over the next few years are scaling and privacy. They nicely go hand in hand with each other. And Aztec network is definitely on the forefront of, of kind of like both of those things, right? They building a scalable privacy layer. This is, I would say probably a competitor to something like Polygon Nightfall in terms of kind of like the tiger market that they're going after. So it's cool to see that there's competition there. It's cool to see that we're not just going to like centralize around one privacy layer or anything like that. And there are other things being worked on too. I think loop rings working on some sort of stuff with, with privacy and layer twos as well. So yeah, it's going to be cool to see kind of like how that all shapes up and how that all kind of like shakes out and what the, what the kind of like landscape looks like a few years from now. All right, so another interesting project that I came across today is something called skiff mail, which is a privacy first end to end encrypted open source web three and native email. Now, if you go to skiff.com slash mail, you can actually log in or sign up with metamask. You can connect your wallet here. I've already gone through the process just before. I haven't done anything with it yet, but I just kind of like signed up and you can see here, it's like not looks like a normal kind of like email client, right? I got my, I'm signed up with sassle.eth up here. That's my display name. And you can kind of like import a bunch of things. You can click new page here and it'll kind of like create something new for you where you can kind of like have a, have a title, have a description, start kind of like templates, publish, all that sorts of stuff. But what I find really cool about this is that it looks like a web to application, right? This doesn't look like it's a crypto application. The only indication that you have that it's crypto is the top left where you see my ethereum address, right? Everything else is, is pretty much kind of like a, like a web to app, like a normal web to kind of like traditional app that you would say. So I really love that because I think that for web three and crypto net, like web three stuff to actually go mainstream and to actually for people to actually care, it needs to look like the web to world and the web three stuff just needs to sit in the background and still provide the extra features and everything like that. But it definitely needs to sit in the background. And what's skiffy is trying to do here is, is, you know, private email with kind of like using your metamask wallet, which I think is really, really cool. And this isn't the first project attempting this. I think I've seen others in the past, but I think the fact is, as I just said, like a lot of the other projects probably focused too much on the web three side and forgot about building just like an actual good application that people wanted to use and starting with kind of like an application, a good application first. And then kind of like, um, you know, adding web three kind of like stuff to it, like metamask login and, and kind of like a ENS integration and stuff like that as well. So that's what skiff seems to have done here. But as I said, I haven't played around with it too much because I only came across it before, but I'm curious to kind of like get your guys opinion on if you do play around with it and just wanted to highlight it for you guys. Cause it's just another toy to play around with on Ethereum. All right, so I spoke about Coinbase launching their kind of like a web three browser, kind of like a gas mobile app yesterday. I think it was. And Pete Kim from Coinbase here today has put together a great thread about how Coinbase is basically handling a kind of like a hybrid self custody solution with the kind of like mobile wallet app. And then what they're doing is they're using something called MPC technology, which is multi-party computation, I believe, technology or technology. I think that's what MPC stands for. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think that's what it stands for. But the way it works is that it can support anything and everything a normal self custody wallet can such as obviously sending, interacting with DeFi, DEXs, all that sorts of stuff. But what it, what it does is that it gives it the zero gas overhead and through the blockchain MPC wallet just looks like an EOA wallet. So the way it works is basically that it uses advanced cryptography to enable multiple parties to interactively and collaboratively sign things like transactions without having to let anyone have the full key at any given time. So basically splits the key between yourself and Coinbase. So if Coinbase, Coinbase can't take your funds on their own, they need your part of the key and you and kind of like you need Coinbase as part of the case. So it's kind of like a hybrid solution. It's still like you're still trusting Coinbase to kind of like keep that key available for you from my understanding. But I think it's good because Pete kind of like starts to thread off by saying that a lot of users would contact them and be like, hey, I want to get my, like I forgot my password for my Coinbase wallet app or I lost my recovery key. And there's nothing that Coinbase can do because Coinbase doesn't install that stuff. Right. And obviously like, yeah, that's a really shitty situation for the users because there's just no recourse for them. So they've kind of come up with this hybrid solution where it's not like fully self custodial, but Coinbase can't access your funds without your part of the key. So there's no way they could ever kind of steal your funds. But the flip side of that is that you need access to Coinbase as part of the key. Right. So it's kind of like the data availability problem where if that, you know, with these kind of like hybrid L2 solutions like validity and things where the data is stored off chain, if you don't have access to that data. Yes, the provider of that data can't steal your funds, but you, they, you can't get your funds either. Right. Because the funds will just become frozen. The same is true here where if Coinbase withholds the part of the key that they have, then you, you can't access your funds from my understanding. Right. There's no recourse from there, but it's, it's definitely better than having no recourse at all where if you lose your recovery key, right, you can't access your funds at all. So I like this for like a norming solution. I mean, I would never use it because I just self custody everything and I'm comfortable doing that, but a lot of people will. The majority will probably use this. Right. And I think it's strictly a better system than just like full custodial, which is really, really cool. But definitely go give Pete's thread or a radio link in the YouTube description below. All right. So there was this kind of post from the block that the block shared where Gary Gensler has told Congress that the SCC is, is quote unquote really out personed on crypto, meaning they're finding it very hard to find people to focus on a crypto, I guess, like SCC related regulations. And I kind of like tweeted this quote, tweeted this and I said, be you have crypto skills and knowledge choice between working in the industry or working for the SCC under Gary Gensler. Pretty obvious choice in it. Yeah. I mean, it is pretty obvious choice. Like if you're a crypto native, if you understand this industry, if you have the skills and knowledge to kind of like, I guess, like comment on this industry and to even regulate this industry. Why would you go join the SCC? You would join a crypto native projects like 9.9 times out of 10. Right. But the thing is, is that this leads to actual negative consequences because it means the SCC and other regulatory bodies can't find the right people that they need to to regulate this industry. So what they do is that they end up with the wrong people. And then what ends up happening is we see silly regulations put in place, which is bad for everyone. So there are some kind of like people that maybe need to fall on the sword. And if they're kind of like really understand crypto deeply, maybe we just need to go work for the SCC. But expecting people to do that is kind of like not something that we should expect. And it's not something that's going to happen in reality. So I think that that's the most dangerous thing when it comes to regulations, not that the government is out to get us all wants to shut crypto down. It's more that they're probably going to hire people that don't have a good understanding of crypto. And that's going to lead to perverse regulations later down the line. Because at the end of the day, anyone who understands crypto or OK, I guess my Chrome tab just crashed. I'm out of memory. But as I was saying, anyone who kind of like understands crypto is not going like most people that understand crypto is not going to go work for a government agency, especially because crypto is built on kind of like anti anti kind of like existing institutions, anti government and stuff like that. So, yeah, I mean, I'm not surprised to see Gary Gensler say this. They're definitely going to have a hard time hiring any of the good people in crypto. Maybe they'll find some of them, but it's going to be an uphill battle for them, that's for sure. I'm going to have to refresh all my tabs here. It seems like I've got way too many Chrome tabs open. All right. So lens protocol actually announced that they're now live on Polygon Mainnet, which is really cool to see. So if you those of you who don't remember, lens protocol is basically obvious solution to decentralized social media. And as I've said before, this is one of the kind of like decentralized social media applications that I'm actually quite bullish on because they're not trying to do everything. They're just kind of like building out the core primitives, core protocols and smart contracts and living up to developers to build on top of it, which I think is really, really cool. But if you are kind of like interested in checking it out, you can. The only people right now who can sign up for on lens protocol are those that I think like signed the something a few months back and kind of linked it to their to one of their addresses and they can kind of like sign up. But lens head protocol or other has said that they're going to be opening this up to more people as time goes on. So not many things to kind of like touch on right now with regards to kind of like being able to use it. But there are a bunch of things that are launching with that that you can check out in this thread. I'll link this thread in the kind of like YouTube description for you to kind of like check it all out and kind of like check out the documentation if you want to as well. All right. So I got to refresh this tab. All right. So latest in the terror drama here that I just wanted to talk about for a minute or so. Apparently Korea's National Tax Service has come forward and stated that terror needs to pay $35 million in taxes. As Dokwan has 92% of its Singapore entity and Dora's residency in Korea, National Tax Service viewed it as an indirect Korean entity and seeking to tax $79 million more. Not 790 million is the type of $79 million more for transferring assets to the LFG. It's considered a gift in tax perspective and thus gift tax. So not only was Dokwan running like the biggest Ponzi in crypto history or Konzi, if you will, he was also avoiding taxes, which I mean, I'm not even surprised about like why wouldn't he be avoiding taxes? But we thought it was too good to pay the taxes given his given we all know he has a massive ego. But I just thought it was funny. Like the funny thing is, is that it seems like all the dirty laundry of terror has just come out over the last couple of weeks since it since it kind of imploded. And you know what's even funnier? Would the terror moon boys have defended Dora for not paying his taxes if terror was still alive? I think that would have because that was so like cultish and so kind of like, you know, Dora could do no wrong. He could go. He could basically do everything right. He was making the money, blah, blah, blah. I think that would have actually came to his defense here and being like, and kind of like made up some kind of narrative or some silliness or some silly arguments to kind of like say that Dora was actually, you know, fine for not paying those taxes, which I guess is just really silly. And regardless of your views on taxes, I think it pisses people off the most. Like even if you believe that taxes should be lower or that the taxes shouldn't exist, what pisses people off the most, I think, and what pisses me off the most is when you're paying your taxes fairly and you're paying what you're supposed to pay. And then other people are getting away with paying, you know, not what they're supposed to pay that unfair, like the unfairness in taxation is what really annoys me. And I think that's what annoys most people there. So yeah, I would have liked to have seen if Tara was still going, if kind of like Luna was still growing and USD was still growing. If those Luna Moon boys or lunatics as they're known would have come to those defense. I think they would have, which is a kind of shitty thought and a kind of scary thought. But that's how cults operate, right? So anyway, I'm going to move on from that one. Just the last thing to shout out here was, I don't think I've described this kind of like funding round that's going on right now with the eighth stake, a QF rounds for kind of like funding, building better staking tools. I don't think I've described it well enough yet. And Josh stock had a great tweet that kind of like summarized that. So basically there's been, there's $350,000 in matching funds up for grabs. There's been 12, 1288 donors so far demo demos tech that will help scale CLRs to millions of users. So CLR being kind of like the matching rounds. Could drive it stuffed and there's six days left to donate here. So I want to actually go to the website and show you. So if you go to the app here, you'd actually see the projects that are part of this round. A lot of these projects or pretty much all these projects are trying to make Ethereum staking easier across every domain, not just staking directly, but also things like accounting. That's what Rottke does here. Kind of like running, writing Ethereum or running staking clients on kind of like different hardware and like a Raspberry Prize. Coming up with kind of like, sorry, having like tools like Beacon Chain and Ethereum pools.info in order to provide information, stuff like Dapnote. I mean, you can see all the projects here, like NiceNote I've talked about before. And you can see the kind of like the matching pool and the total that's been donated. So if you haven't donated yet, I mean, I suggest doing so. This is just like donating to a Gitcoin grant, kind of like rounds, except it's like separate thing with kind of like you're just on Ethereum staking. And I mean, these are all great projects. And obviously, Ethereum staking kind of like user experience, especially for solo stakers needs to get better because it's quite complicated right now. And I don't blame people for not being able to solo stake or not being able to understand it. But yeah, that's why I just wanted to quickly shout this out here and go donate if you haven't yet. But I think that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.