 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Delegrae Refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Sassano and today is the 21st of March 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So as you guys know, I will be at Blockchain Week's event this week. Just a friendly reminder to you guys, I'm flying up to a Sydney tonight from Melbourne. I'm recording this in the daytime. This is the first time in my new house that I've recorded a refill in during daytime. You can actually see the sun in this room during the day guys. I'm not just like hunched over and got like in a dark room all the time. But yeah, very excited to kind of interview Mehdi from the Sigma Prime team. We're one of the E2 client teams tomorrow morning in Sydney. And then on Wednesday I'll be kind of like having a chat with Kane from Synthetix. Who'd close out the day in Melbourne at Marble Stadium there. So hoping to see you guys there. It's, I know it's been hard to get tickets for the actual physical event. About five times over subscribed. I think even more than that. They've been sending emails out saying you know, please confirm that you are coming. Because if you know, if people don't confirm they can give tickets to other people who really want to go. So you know, even if you're not there that's fine. I mean I'm sure I'll see some of you at Amsterdam as well next month. And there's other conferences during the year too. So just wanted to kind of give you guys a reminder there. But also remind you that there will be no refill for Tuesday or Wednesday. And there probably is not going to be any newsletter for Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday either. But they'll be back on Thursday. You know Thursday will be a nice episode. I'll just recap everything from kind of like the two days that I'm spending in blockchain week. And everything like that. So very much looking forward to. Very excited for this. This is my first proper crypto conference since ETH Denver 2020. So it's been a long time. Thank you COVID for that. But yeah now I'm very, very excited about this. And hoping to see some of you there. Anyway moving on. So we have another all called devs call that happened on Friday. And we have Tim Biko's summary thread as usual. Going over everything that happened. A lot of the talk, sorry a lot of the call was talking about the merge right. The Kiln testnet. What happened with that. As I mentioned last week there were a couple of bugs in different clients. There wasn't any issues with the spec. And they weren't kind of critical bugs. But it has kind of like brought the discussion of okay. We need much more testing of these things. We need to be able to turn up test, test, test, test. Because of the fact that it didn't go exactly as we wanted it to go right. Like I mean the bugs were. I don't know if I'd call them critical. But they did result in unexpected consequences. And clients kind of like forking off of each other. And actually if it happened on main net. I think Prism was affected by this. And from my reading if this had happened during the main net merge. It would have actually been a pretty bad thing. Because it means that the kind of the bugs chain would become the majority chain. Because as you guys know Prism is the super majority. And this is as I've discussed before. This is why client diversity is so important as well. But due to that you know just my own reading. I haven't heard this yet. But just to my own reading. As I said to you guys like if this test net didn't go you know super smoothly. Which it went smooth enough. But there were obviously a lot of you know a fair few kind of like bumps along the road. I don't think that we would have the merge in June. Now June was never a date given by kind of like the core devs or anything like that. It was a target window. And I've said that to you guys every single time. But if I was to put money on it I wouldn't put money on June anymore. Like July or August sort of thing is what I'm kind of like looking at now. But again it's so hard to kind of like give a date here. Because it really does depend on these test nets. It depends on the confidence of the core developers. Of the core researchers. And how they feel going into a merge right. So I think that at this point don't I wouldn't expect the merge in June. But that's fine. I mean I have said this before on the refill too guys. Like when I look at this sort of stuff. Like does it really matter if it's two to three months later than what you expected. It to be because in the grand scheme of things. Once it's actually out there everyone just moves on to the next thing. And this is what happened with EIP-1559. That took two and a half years to get to mainnet. And there were periods of time during that two and a half years. Where people were like is this actually happening right. They actually questioned it. And there were legitimate concerns with that. Because no one was really actively working on it to get it into the network. And then we kind of like had this whole thing spun up. You know Tim Biker lived the charge a lot here. A bunch of other people as well to get this thing onto mainnet. But when it comes to the merge it's in a very different position. There's no is this thing going to happen. It's happening. It's just kind of like you know maybe it happens two to three months later than we expected it would. So yeah as I said guys like you know maybe there's going to be another testnet now. Because of this there's definitely going to be a lot more devnets. But I probably would expect at least one more testnet like Kiln. It's to run through it again to make sure that that goes smoothly. Because this is a big deal guys. This is bigger than any other upgrade in Ethereum's history. This is bigger than launching the beacon chain. And we can't get this wrong. So it's better to kind of like have a quote unquote delay. Or kind of like release this two to three months later than people expected. Rather than kind of releasing it and then the network kind of like breaking. And then we having to roll back. And I mean that would be a disaster right. So don't quote me on this. Please do not say you know breaking if you're an educator. Anthony's a signer who says the merge has been delayed. No I'm giving my opinion on where I see things right now. And I'm and you know there was no date given or anything like that. So I don't consider this a delay. But I just like to keep you guys on the bleeding edge of this sort of stuff. And to kind of learn through how I'm thinking about it. But go read this thread from Tim Biko for yourself. I'll link it in the YouTube description. But from my reading just reading between the lines like I normally like to do. I just do not think a June merge is going to happen at this stage. Just because I just don't I don't believe that it should happen. Like honestly if I was kind of a core dev or core researcher. I would be pushing the others and I would be kind of suggesting to the others. Be like hey guys like I don't think we should merge in June. We need more testing blah blah blah. Which is exactly what's happening by the way. But I would be doing the same thing. Because I know just how critical and important it is to get this thing right. And unless everyone feels comfortable doing a merge on mainnet we shouldn't do it. You know Ethereum is not a small network. It's a 300 billion dollar network. Trillions of dollars of value settle on it yearly. I mean it's a worldwide global thing. It's not something like a little small thing that we can just kind of like you know move fast and break things on. Especially at the protocol layer. So yeah that's the latest on the merge there. But I'm still pretty excited. I mean the Kiln testnet other than those bugs. They seem to have gone really really well. It's still live it's still kind of like chugging along there. A lot of insights being kind of like gathered from that as well. And the client teams I think are setting up better testing infrastructure as well. Which is good for not just the merge but also future upgrades. Obviously Shanghai is coming after the merge. When we have like withdrawals enabled. Stuff like ERP 4844 and all that good stuff there. So yeah that's the latest on the merge. And on to the next thing now which is a tweet thread from Peter. Who is a core developer at Go Ethereum. He is one of the longest standing Ethereum core developers. He's been around since basically day zero. And he put together a thread about two main things. Basically about complexity creep of the Ethereum protocol. And compensation for core developers or salary pay. You know kind of like ETH compensation all that sort of stuff there. I had a lot of people tell me I need to cover this. Okay fair enough I will. I did kind of like give some more comments in the discord channel as well. But I saved most of my comments for today's episode. Because I have a lot to say about this. And I'm just going to say it from my head. I have no pre-written notes or anything like that. I'm just going to say what comes to my mind. First thing I want to say just to give you the overall context here. This is not the first time Peter has put together a thread like this. This is not the first time people have complained about core developer pay. Maybe complaint is the wrong word. But like brought up the issue of core developer pay. And this is not going to be the last time. It's not going to be fixed by putting together these threads. It's not going to be fixed by you know kind of like publicly shaming the Ethereum Foundation to do things. And we only really have one side of the story. And this is one thing that I've been thinking about last couple of days. When I tried to kind of like frame this and kind of like look at both sides of the argument. But it's really hard for me to do that. Because all that we have access to right the information available to us is basically. Some of the core developers saying that they feel like they're being underpaid. And that's you know for the work that they do it's really stressful blah blah blah. All that sort of stuff which is totally understandable. But we don't have the other side. We don't know how much they're getting paid. We don't know what kind of vesting schedules they have. You know with ETH incentives that they're getting. We don't know that what they're saying is the whole truth right. And I'm not saying that these people are lying. But without them telling us exactly what they're getting paid. All we can do is believe them on their word. And I'm not saying that as I said I'm not saying that they're lying. But I don't like having debates with people about things with only having one side of the story. That you wouldn't go into a courtroom and only allow one party to basically defend themselves. Or basically give their side of the story. And then don't listen to the other party. That's not how it works. And obviously this is different to a courtroom. But you know in a debate in general you don't hear just one side of it. You want both sides of it. So I think not having all the information available to us is a big hindrance to this. And I think that these kind of like threads that Peter and other people put out. I don't actually think they're very productive. Because in my mind nothing changes. This is so what happens when you put a thread out like this. Is that you basically defer to the court of public opinion. And that's never a good court to be in. Because the public opinion can be swayed any which way. It's emotional. It's fragmented. Twitter is the worst place to have debates. Everyone has an opinion on everything without having access to the full body of information. And it just gets us nowhere. What I think the way to affect change is. Is for Peter and other people in the Ethereum Foundation to bring this up with Ethereum Foundation leadership. Now maybe they've done that already. Good if they have. If they haven't then they should. Because that is the only way to affect change. You're not going to be able to publicly shame the Ethereum Foundation into doing things. Especially because as I said. We don't have the information. We could all be saying. Hey Ethereum Foundation you should pay people more. And in reality they're actually paying people a fair rate. Now is it going to be as much pay as someone working on a top. You know working on a different protocol from day zero. Or working on another layer one from day zero. Is potentially going to get. Given that they get kind of like tokens when the tokens are worthless. You know probably not. That's just the way it works at this stage in Ethereum's life. But for someone like Peter who's been around since day zero. You know he mentioned that he's not financially independent yet. And I kind of think that's crazy. Because there's no way that he wasn't paid a lot of ETH in the early days. Because of the fact that that ETH was worth a lot less back then right. So you know I'm not just I'm not trying to pick on Peter here. I just want to kind of like give a general sense. This is how I think about it. If you're paid a token as an incentive right. On top of your salary. Saying hey here's a token bonus right for working on our project. Whether it's a DeFi project a layer one project whatever. And it's worth say one dollar right. And the market cap is like a hundred million dollars. Fair enough right. You get that you're like wow okay. This is cool I'm gonna sell this right. This is money that I can kind of like take. I can use that blah blah blah I'm gonna sell this. And you're free to do that. But then let's say that token goes up to a hundred dollars. Or a thousand dollars right. And you kind of think to yourself. Holy shit like why did I sell right. And then you start complaining. Well I mean that's on you as an individual right. You were paid these tokens. You could have held them. You didn't have to sell them because it's on top of your salary right. Which usually is. There's a salary portion and then there's the kind of like token portion. Which is kind of like a stake in whether it be like a company. You know an equity stake or tokens in a protocol. But if you sold them too early well that's on you. You shouldn't be relying on someone else to quote unquote bail you out of that. Now I'm not saying that's what Peter did. I'm not saying that's what other core developers did. But I've seen instances of this happen before. Where people sell way way way too early. And then the token price skyrockets because their work is valuable right. The work that they're doing has added value to the network. And they now regret selling and they want their pay to be bumped up. But in reality there's probably another person that didn't sell. And that's why they have been able to earn much more money from that. So that's kind of like one example there. But kind of going back to the main kind of like points here from Peter about compensation. As I said there's not much I can actually say on this topic. Given that I don't know what these core developers are paid. I don't know if they're over or underpaid. I don't know what token investing they have. I don't have any of that information. So there's no point me speculating on things without the access to that information. So I'm not even going to try. There's already been plenty of people talking about this. The one thing I will say about core dev compensation is that it's not just the Ethereum Foundation that gives kind of like funds to these teams. And you recall recently in December of last year. The Ethereum Foundation spun up the client incentive program. Which basically gave about 13 million dollars worth of ETH to each core client team. As validators on the beacon chain. In order to kind of like, and that's the best thing over time. But in order to kind of like align incentives and give these core developer teams a nice big bonus. And that's in ETH. So if ETH goes three times from here. That's now worth 39 million dollars right? And obviously as ETH keeps growing and growing it's worth more and more. But if those teams decide to sell their ETH and then ETH kind of like goes 3x. Maybe they're going to regret that right? I don't know. Who knows how that's going to play out there. But there's things like what Trent Van Epps is setting up right now. The Protocol Guild which is working to kind of like fund core developers. There's other initiatives out there. I mean obviously I did the NFT drop recently. Where I donated about 20 ETH to core developers. Where myself and Kidder did that. To core developers on open grants. Which was already an active grant that had I think about 900 and something ETH in it. From one person there. I think his name is James Fickle. So there's that. There's a bunch of other initiatives. The EF gives a lot of grants out. You know all that sort of stuff. And as I've said before the core developer teams. You know a lot of them do things rather than build core developer clients. Like for example I mentioned Mehdi from Sigma Prime before. I was talking to him and they do things like audits right. They do security audits. That's a very nice kind of like revenue stream for them. Because as I said before auditors are in very very short supply. And they're able to capitalize on that because they really understand code. There's other ways to do things like Nevermind. He's building stuff with Starquare. All these sorts of stuff right. So there's money there. Now in saying that I don't actually think that money is the whole story at all. And I think that for someone like Peter who's been around for a very long time. I think what he's feeling is burnout. Because put yourself into Peter's kind of like shoes for a second here. You've been working on the Ethereum protocol since day zero. All the stresses all the anxieties that have come with that. You've been through everything. The Dow, Shanghai DOS attacks. All the protocol upgrades that you have to kind of like pay attention to. You know always in the back of your mind like did I do something wrong. Did I code something wrong that will lose people money. All that stress. Imagine having that for since 2014 essentially right. And he's probably had breaks here and there on holidays. But as far as I know he's never had like a long-term break from Cordova. He's just been working all the way through. He's obviously very proud of his work and has a lot of pride. And that's totally fine. But yeah put yourself into those into his shoes. It's definitely burnout. Now there's more money fix that. I don't think so. Like me personally you know if I was burnt out and someone offered me money to fix it. That wouldn't fix anything really. I mean maybe it would allow me to take more time off. But I find it hard to imagine that someone like Peter in the position that he's in. Doesn't have the means to take time off. And as far as I know the Ethereum Foundation has always encouraged people to do this. But I think what Peter feels is a grand responsibility to the Ethereum protocol. Especially in a time where so much is going on. The merge you know upgrades are coming faster sharding statelessness. There's so much happening with the Ethereum core protocol. That I think you know Peter just feels that weight on his shoulders. Which is totally fine. I totally get that. But again I go back to what I said before. I do not think that these threads are very helpful. I think that pushing internally. You know talking to the right people. Getting in contact with them. And getting people to kind of like rally around you. In a more not private manner. But like in a more targeted approach. Is better than just kind of like a shotgun approach here. But that's just my opinion on it. Now the second thing in Peter's thread was that they kind of like he focused one on. Was the complexity of the Ethereum protocol. Now he was talking about how he thinks that the Ethereum protocol is becoming. You know maybe too complex. It's becoming harder to reason about. There's a lot of features going into the core protocol. And then he lists through them basically all this kind of like stuff here. You can read this thread. I'm not going to go through them all. And then he's kind of like last tweet here was. I can't say what solution is. But my two cents is to stop adding features and start calling. Even at the expense of breaking things. There are less and less people knowing you're willing to piece together a broken network. And each change pushes more away. I actually disagree with this. And I found it was weird that Peter would say this. You know obviously he's a lead at the lead at Geth. One of the top core client teams out there has been a core dev forever. He's closer to this than I am. But from speaking to other people. Especially people that are close to this sort of stuff. I don't feel like people are getting pushed away. We have more core developers and researchers than we've ever had. The protocol is adding a lot more features. But it's being worked on in much more efficient and effective way than it ever has. So I don't know where Peter's getting this opinion from. Maybe he feels this way personally. But I don't think this is a common sentiment shared. Among core developers. Now I could be wrong here but that's my current read on it. Now I also don't agree with stop adding features. And I don't agree with the Ethereum network getting more complex. I think the Ethereum network is actually going to get less complex over time. And that's because it's taking the modular approach rather than the monolithic approach. You know things like not doing execution sharding and only doing data sharding. Is simplifying one of the core protocol upgrades. Doing you know proof of state CASPER FFG instead of CASPER CBC for the proof of state construction. Is simplifying things. That's not a subjective thing. That is an objective thing that has happened. Dank sharding is simplifying things again. You know I don't feel like the Ethereum protocol is getting more complex from that kind of view there. But in saying that. You can't have what Ethereum offers you and what Ethereum wants to do without inevitably adding more complexity to it. If you want Ethereum to be just like Bitcoin with smart contracts and that's it. Well I mean we had that. And we saw all the bottlenecks that the scalability bottlenecks. The gas fees going up you know really really high. The sustainability bottleneck of the chain getting too big. We need to do statelessness and stuff like that. Like complexity is not necessarily a bad thing. But I think the way to think about complexity is that okay. Does adding this feature to the network improve the network by 100x for example. Does it improve maybe not even 100x. Does it improve the network by 10 to 100x. Is it worth the added complexity. And I think that pretty much everything that's been added to Ethereum protocol at this stage hasn't improved it by that much. I actually think that EIP-1559 is a 100x improvement because we stopped leaking value. Like the value of ETH needs to go up in order to secure the network as secure as possible. And a lot of other downstream effects from there. But we stopped leaking value from that. And not only did we kind of like stop leaking value. But we made the network better to use you know by kind of like making transaction fee smoother and all that sorts of stuff there. Proof of stake. I actually think that's a hundred times improvement on proof of work. That enables sharding which is you know the data sharding. Which is a 100,000x improvement for layer 2s. Same with things like EIP-4844 which is the blob carrying transactions. All this sort of stuff in my mind is a massive improvement and we should pursue it. Now Peter can disagree with me. He's you know he's the one who codes this sort of stuff. He knows more than I do about it. But I don't think this is the common belief and sentiment shared by all the core developers and researchers. And you can actually see some of them kind of like saying that here. Like Dan Cradfeist says you know complexity is like debt. And Dan Crad is the person who came up with Dan Sharding by the way. But he's you know he said complexity is like debt. Ideally you want to have none but then you usually also can't create anything. So you of course want to minimize the complexity while still creating a system that is useful. Creating complexity in isolation is definitely bad. But are we doing that? I don't think we're doing that right. We're not just creating complexity for the sake of it. We're creating complexity to add more complex features to improve the network by you know 100x if not more. And you know there's a bunch of varied comments here from core developers and researchers past and new. Which is you know I always like seeing this and seeing stuff like that. But you know I didn't really agree with with Peter's framing here. And as I said before I think that he's definitely you know he's suffering burnout. I don't think that that I don't think that's a negative thing either. I think that everyone needs to take care of their mental health before they can actually do their best work. And at the end of the day you know Peter has you know deserves a break more than anyone. So you know maybe he doesn't want to take a break until after the merge. That's totally fine as well. Again he has responsibilities and he feels responsible too. So in my opinion like if he once the merge is done he should definitely just take an extended break. Just to you know just to kind of like stop feeling burnt out. I know maybe that you know I don't know what he's feeling and anything like that. But it certainly seems like burnout. I think other people agree that it certainly seems like he feels a lot of stress and anxiety over this sort of stuff. And I would too. But I guess the solution to that is not to keep doing what you're doing. The solution is to take a step back take a break and repair your mental health there. But anyway I've talked about that this thread long enough. That's just kind of like my general thoughts and this sort of stuff. I just want to be clear that I don't think threads like this are helpful. I don't think they're going to affect change. I think what affects change is having targeted feedback to the people who actually are in a position to make the changes. Rather than doing a quarter public opinion. Because in my mind that just never works honestly. It really doesn't work. It leads to so many opinions. It leads to so much kind of like I guess like bad stuff happening and being said. I mean the Bitcoin maximalist absolutely jumped on this thread. They loved it. Like oh look at this you know a core Ethereum developer is saying that the Ethereum protocol is too complex and we should simplify it. This is what we've been saying for years. While totally ignoring the fact that this isn't a consensus view. This is just one person's view. Of course they're going to latch on to that. I just it was just annoying to read that again. But Peter's entitled to his opinion. As I said he's much closer to core development research than I am. But my read just from kind of like talking to other one other core developers and researchers just from kind of like seeing other comments. I just don't think everyone feels the same way as Peter and that's good. It's good that we have different opinions here. But hopefully we can get to a consensus. Hopefully we can actually you know if the core developers are actually being underpaid severely. We you know get them more money right. But at the end of the day a salary is never going to get them what we know to the point where they need to be. Give them vested ETH which is the Ethereum foundation deal with the client incentive program. Do more of that. You know the protocol guild that Trend's working on is going to do stuff like that. That's what we need at the end of the day. We don't need kind of like people saying oh you know we need to have like a salary of 500k for the core developers. Honestly guys like yes that salary sounds like a lot. But that is not going to move the needle like a vested ETH thing would. Especially as ETH goes up in price. Especially if kind of like we had it from the early days. Which I'm pretty sure the Ethereum foundation does pay out bonuses as ETH at any given time. So if people held that you know it'd be really nice. But I just found it very surprising that Peter said he is not financially independent from you know yet from Ethereum. Even though he's been there from day zero. I don't know the details of that but I did find that quite surprising. Because I came in a lot later to this kind of like ecosystem in 2017. And I got to the point where I am financially independent by kind of like investing in ETH. And kind of like doing some other stuff as well. So I just found that surprising. But again everyone's situation is always different. Is always in you know the individual situation to consider here. Maybe Peter couldn't hold on to that ETH. Maybe he really needed to sell it at the time that he got it. In order to kind of like pay for his pences. And that's totally fine. Like the early days of Ethereum is very different to what it is today. So as I said without having all the details I can't really give much more of an opinion than that. But I hope that clears it up for you guys and kind of like gives my view on it. And definitely read all the other kind of like views in it. You know I've seen a lot of them on Twitter. Take it all in form your own opinion about it. Don't just kind of like form an opinion based on one thing that you read. Try and kind of like get multiple views. I think that's always the best way to go about doing things. All right so I'm going to power through these. I've got eight minutes left. Going to power through the rest of these updates here. So Domathy a loyal disciple of the Daily Guay as I said here. Has put together an absolutely amazing post on Reddit called. Stuff our Ethereum should know proof of stake edition. Now this is quite a lengthy post here. Highly recommend giving this a read. But this is basically debunking all the stuff that I've talked about before. And all the common misconceptions got to do with proof of stake. The merge, ETH2 generally. All that sort of stuff. Stuff like the merge reducing gas fees. You know a stake ETH becoming unlockable at the merge. All that sort of stuff. And going into a lot of detail too. So just wanted to highlight this. Highly highly recommend checking it out and giving it a read. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right so we had another tweet from Polina during the week. Comparing transaction fees for AMM swaps between different kind of like networks. Be it layer 2 networks or layer 1 networks, sidechains all that sort of stuff. You can see the breakdown here and everything like that. But you know and Polina has a thread here about this. Talking about the caveats and stuff and everything. And then in the comments there's a bunch of different kind of things to read. Just wanted to highlight that thread for there. But what I wanted to kind of like say here is that. When looking at this sort of stuff and just looking at the vanilla transaction fees. You show this to someone and a total noob right crypto. What are they going to tell you? They're going to say hey Ronan looks the cheapest because Ronan fees are zero. But then you're missing all the other contexts. Now for those of you who don't know Ronan is the Axie Infinity sidechain. It's not anywhere near as decentralized as Ethereum. I don't even know if it's decentralized. I'm pretty sure they're still centralized controls in place for it. And you know obviously kind of like things like state bloat and stuff isn't considered. And I think the network recently had like a lot of issues staying online and stuff like that. So just looking at transaction fees in a vacuum is not the way to evaluate these sorts of networks. Because you don't have all the other stuff that goes into it. That is stuff that I've talked about before. But I just wanted to kind of like highlight that there. But definitely give Polyna's thread here a read. It is a really great one. All right so we have a really cool resource for EIP 4844 here called eip4844.com. Which is codenamed proto dank sharding. Which is shard blob transactions that I've spoken about a lot recently. Now this has I guess all the information you need about this EIP. Links to basically more information about it. Tweets all that sort of stuff. Definitely go kind of go check this out. And the reason why everyone's excited about this EIP is that it will vastly reduce transaction fees for layer 2. And as I said this is tentatively scheduled for the Shanghai update which is coming after the merge. So definitely go check out this for more information on that. And also check out Vitalik's own technical FAQ on EIP 4844 here. It's quite lengthy. So if you this is basically will give you everything you want to know about 4844 that's for sure. And it does get into the weeds the technical weeds as well. So definitely go check that out if you haven't already. All right so friendly reminder the Gitcoin Grants round 13 matching round is still live. If you haven't donated yet be sure to do so. So it's after 10 days of the matching round being live. There's been over $400,000 of contributions from the community. With over $3 million in matching funds. And this round has been I think smaller than the last round. Given the state of the market. Given the state of the ecosystem right now it's much quieter. So I kind of like expected this. But yeah if you haven't donated yet be sure to do so. Thank you to everyone who's donated to both the Deliguain ethub. Really really appreciate it. And yeah definitely go check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description for you to donate as well. All right now we have something that I missed. I think a couple of weeks ago and DeFi Saver sent to me. This is an update from them. So they introduced something on March 8th called their completely new and modular automated strategy. So their first new strategy automates debt payback with assets in M stable yearn. Or a Rari capital for maker Dow CDP owners in market crashes. Now you can read more about this here. It'll link to the YouTube description. But yeah DeFi Saver I mean is pretty awesome. They've been around for quite a while now. Basically the logic is that they want to automate your DeFi kind of like activities. Especially things like saving your position for liquidation and stuff like that. And as I said they've been around for a while. And I should disclose that they've been a sponsor of ethub before. But as you guys know dailyware doesn't take sponsors. So they haven't been a sponsor of Deliguain. But yeah I just wanted to kind of like highlight this. Definitely go check out check out this and check out DeFi Saver. You know if you do have open positions on you know any of these kind of like apps here. Make a compound a Uniswap M stable yearn stuff like that. They definitely provide a lot of really really cool automation tools for you to kind of play around with here. All right so finally there is a new job at the Ethereum foundation. That I've been asked to kind of like recommend to you guys on on the refuel. Now this is a test engineer job. Now the reason why I was asked to recommend this is because of what happened with the kiln testnet merge. And how we need more testing done on kind of like the Ethereum core protocol side. So if that sounds like something you want to do. And then you want to be involved in you want to help with. And it is don't just think this is something small guys. This is a critical part of Ethereum core protocol development. But if this sounds like something you want to do. Go click this apply for this job button here. And if you apply for it definitely let me know. So I can kind of like you know put your name forward to to the relevant people as well. But yeah the requirements for this role listed down here. It is definitely a technical role. You know you need to have experience working with the EVM. Experience with both execution and consensus layers of Ethereum is also nice to have. You know inclination to think through failure modes for software proficiency. And all the you know the stuff that's listed here. All that sorts of stuff. But don't let that discourage you. If you are technical if you have worked on this sort of stuff before. Definitely just apply for the job and see how you go with it. I think it'd be a really cool job to to like have and really rewarding as well. Because you would be responsible for helping test all the stuff. And making sure that we don't have repeats of what happened kind of I guess with the kiln testnet. Where we had a few things that needed more testing done on it. And we may have been able to avoid kind of like the bugs that we saw on on the kiln testnet there. But anyway I think on that note this is going to be it for today's episode. Just a reminder again no refills the next two days. But a refill on Thursday. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel. And I'll catch you all on Thursday. Thanks everyone.