 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deadly Way Refuel where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony DeSano and today's the 28th of January 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So just a reminder here or an announcement I guess, I'll be doing a live stream with David Hoffman of Bankless tomorrow or today I guess, like it is for you depending where you are in the world. So it'll be happening at 8 p.m. Eastern Time, 5 p.m. Pacific Time and then in Australia. I'm pretty sure it's either 1 or 2 p.m. there. So you can convert that to your time zone. So this will be I guess like Friday for the US and Saturday for Australia. And I think that's going to be like midnight, no probably like 2 or 3 a.m. for Europe or something on the Saturday technically. But I'll link this tweet in the YouTube description. You can go to the video and set a reminder. I'd love to see you all on the live stream. We're going to talk about the bear market, frog nation, what happened there, which I'm going to talk about in a sec. But we're going to be talking about that. I mean him tomorrow as well, the NFT bull market and merge stuff. So yeah, definitely I hope to see you guys there. But on to the biggest drama for the last 48 hours. Now I'm not going to focus too much on the actual drama itself. I wanted to focus on something related to it. But for those of you who have been paying attention, I guess over the last 48 hours, you'll have seen all the stuff that has come out of the frog nation fallout of Sifu, which was an anon dev that got kind of like revealed. And their identity was disclosed. And it turns out they were one of the co-founders of Quadriga CX, which was a big Canadian exchange that kind of like, I guess, rug pulled, ran away with the funds. And the guy who Sifu really was is apparently like a 20 year serial scammer, been to prison, like done lots of frauds, lots of scams. And apparently Danielle Sesto knew about this for about a month before it was revealed publicly, like knew who Sifu was. So there's been a lot of drama there, obviously. And of course, the Wonderland Time project, the price has just pretty much gone to shit. And then some of the other projects, the prices have come down as well due to the wider market crash there. But I didn't really want to focus on that drama. I wanted to focus on kind of like something that I've had an issue with for quite a while and something that I think we need to rectify, especially now, and within the next kind of like 12 months because of regulators. Now, what I'm talking about here is, as my tweet suggests, if we don't put the D back in DeFi, then the regulators are absolutely going to destroy us. Time to stop fucking around. And it really is. I mean, the easiest thing that the regulators can do is choke us where we're most vulnerable, right? And we're most vulnerable at our centralized parts. And much of DeFi is centralized today. Like it doesn't deserve to be called DeFi. It's dyno, decentralized in name only. So I've discussed before how the regulators will go after things like centralized stablecoins and will go after fiat on and off-ramps. But the thing is, those things aren't pretending to be decentralized. The centralized debit coins don't advertise themselves as decentralized. The centralized exchanges don't advertise themselves as decentralized. But these projects that are either controlled by some multi-sig or literally controlled by one person, they advertise themselves as DeFi when they're not DeFi at all. They're not decentralized. But because this space moves so quickly, because there's a lot of nuance and a lot of complexity here, the regulators are just going to look at this and be like, lump it all together. They're going to lump the truly decentralized protocols like Uniswap in with these kind of like Ponzi-esque money game things, like a lot of scams and stuff. And they're basically going to say, well, we need to regulate DeFi because look at all this stuff that's going on in this industry. This can't be on the scams as rug pulls people losing money. When in reality, what they really want to regulate is the non-DeFi things. But whether willingly or whether they know this, whether knowingly or unknowingly, they're going to apply these kind of like really harsh regulations to everything. Now, in saying that, the whole point of DeFi and the whole point of a truly decentralized protocol is to resist regulations, to be able to resist any centralized party trying to shut it down. And I think really there's only a handful of protocols that could do that today. And I'm not talking about like layer ones or layer two. I'm talking about the actual application protocols, things like Uniswap, which would be basically impossible to shut down because there's no kind of like multisig, there's no admin keys, none of that sort of stuff there. But much of these projects can be strong-armed. Even the projects that are... Like a lot of projects that are based in the US, they have to tiptoe around. They have to buy US users. They can't even airdrop tokens to US people. A lot of them aren't like truly decentralized. A lot of them have multisigs. Not to say that those things aren't necessarily bad, but you can't really call your project DeFi if you have a multisig or you have an admin key. Like it's not decentralized. It's as simple as that. So I think that we need to either move quicker to having these protocols decentralized really, really quickly, or at least be as decentralized as possible from day one, or we're just going to face the wrath of these regulators and of these governments and of all these bodies. And they're really going to come down hard on everything. And if the protocol isn't resistant to these things, then people stand to lose a lot of money on it because honestly, these regulators, they'll shut down things, even though they're shutting them down with the pretext, oh, we're going to protect investors. Really, they shut it down and investors get hurt no matter what they do because the investors are involved in the scam. They have money in it. A perfect example being BitConnect. BitConnect was going. People were making money, people were losing money, of course, but obviously BitConnect was your classic Ponzi scheme or your classic MLM, but then the regulators came in and shut it down and then it went to zero and everyone lost. So it was just a matter of everyone would eventually lose, but the regulators came in anyway and shut it down and just sped up that whole process there. But the thing is that if the regulators come and they start clamping down on the actual legitimate projects within the DeFi ecosystem, but they're able to clamp down on them because they aren't actually decentralized, it's going to be very bad for the whole ecosystem. And I think that the drama of the last 48 hours just gives them more ammo to go to their constituents, to go to whatever government it is, to go to other politicians and basically draft up regulations that are really, really harsh for the industry. And this is the same thing they do with a lot of different things they try to draft laws and regulations for. Think about them trying to ban things like encryption. A lot of governments are trying to stifle or outright ban encryption and the pretext for that is them saying, oh, we need to do it to save the kids, right? We need to clamp down on explicit kind of materials got to do with kids. They don't invent a boogeyman, but they trump it up, right? They basically say, if we don't do this, then they make it sound like all the kids are going to get exploited if we don't do this, or all the terrorists are going to win if we don't do this. And I'm not trying to get too political here, but this is what they do. This is how they pass legislation. This is how they get things through because the legitimacy of a law of a regulation in a democracy is only as good as the people's belief in the legitimacy of it, right? So if you don't have buy-in from the people, they're not going to vote for you. You won't be able to get that passed. But if you invent a trumped up boogeyman, you basically scare people into basically throwing their freedoms away, throwing their kind of like, you know, privacy away with regards to end-to-end encryption or in the name of protecting themselves from something that's been trumped up and it's not actually as big of an issue as it's been made out to be, then they'll willingly vote for it. And that's what's going to happen with DeFi. But the thing is, is that we can resist. Like, this is the whole point of this entire ecosystem. This is why I always go on about decentralization mattering. It's not, you know, to me, it's not really much of a spectrum. It's not an either or. It's a, you must be decentralized because if you're not, you're going to get wrecked by regulators. And if you're not wrecked by regulators, in terms of like getting shut down, you're going to be so heavily regulated that you're not even going to be able to compete with DeFi anymore. Like, so there's literally no point to your protocol. So to me, decentralization is the only thing that matters in this industry. Everything else falls around that. If the protocol is not decentralized, then it can easily just be shut down. It can easily be easily be more easily be attacked. And it is not in the spirit of what we're trying to build here. So that's my rant for today about that. As I said, I didn't want to get into dive deep into the actual kind of like Wonderland and Cestan, Frog Nation stuff, because that's been talked about to death at this point. But like the last thing I wanted to say here, and it is related to the Frog Nation stuff is that I, you know, over the last 12-ish months, there's been a lot of cult of personalities that have kind of come to fruition where people just like absolutely love deifying, you know, these people that are making the money. Like someone issues a token, it goes up in value, they seem like these kickstart devs, kickstart builder, and everyone's like really, really happy while the music's playing. And then inevitably the music stops and there's like literally no chairs for people to sit on and everyone loses, right? So I just, I really don't like this trend of deifying people. I don't like cults of personality at all. Like no matter what it is, I've always had a problem with this. I mean, you guys see me always make fun of Charles Hodgkinson and Cardano. That's because there's such a cult of personality around him. And I'm not talking about like being a fan of someone's work or following their work or respecting them as a person. I'm talking about literally kind of looking up to them as a deity, like as a god, as your kind of god, right? And I know, you know, this may sound a bit esoteric to you, but this is what people do. And a lot of it's got to do with the fact that people may have made money on these things and they attribute that to the founder. You know, even Satoshi is worshipped as a god by some of the Bitcoiners and no one even knows who Satoshi is. So, you know, it's just something that I have like a really difficult time reconciling because I just, I don't think it's a healthy thing in this industry. I don't think we should be deifying anyone. I think we're all human. We're all working towards, you know, our own goals at the end of the day. Some of people are working towards goals that are noble. Some aren't. Some just want to make money in any way possible. Some will scam. But there are a lot of people out there, especially within the Ethereum ecosystem, that are genuine builders. But there's no need to deify them. You can respect them. You can respect what they're building. You can follow along with their work, but you don't have to think of them as a god or worship them. They don't want that like a lot of the time. So, yeah, just my last comments on that one there. But yeah, hopefully that gives you kind of like an overview of what happened, my kind of like thoughts on it. And I encourage you guys to encourage the projects you're either involved with or following to either fast track their way to being an actual decentralized protocol or at least kind of like outlay their plan for getting there. Because a lot of teams will say, oh, yeah, yeah, we'll get there. We'll get there. And they won't actually have a plan for it. And the longer it goes without them decentralizing, I think the harder it actually becomes. So, yeah, I encourage you guys to encourage the projects you're involved with to do that as well. All right, onto some merge-related news. So there was a proof of stake implementers call number 80 yesterday. And on the call, there was some talk about the merge. Involving a few different people here. So I guess the TRDR is that they're still aiming for a June merge because of the difficulty bomb. Now, I've discussed this before about how the difficulty bomb is set to go off in June. And then by mid-July, blocks will go to 30 seconds, which basically makes the network unusable. So they either have to push the bomb back or we have to kind of like do the merge, right? There's only two options. So Tim Biko here is saying kind of like saying that he'd like to see the merge in kind of like June. I think, you know, there's things that have to go right, as I've said before. So basically, if we can get client releases with a final spec by early March for another Kintsugi testnet, then we can pick like a tentative date for mainnet and then final client releases. Kintsugi v2 by mid-Feb is in line with this. And then Mikhail is another core developer here, says the schedule is tight, but if something, you know, crops up, it may delay things. And then Vitalik's just got some comments here. I mean, you can read the notes yourself, but I guess, you know, the TLDR, as I said, is that they're aiming for June. If they can't get it done in June, then we're going to have to do another hard fork to delay the difficulty bomb. And it's just going to be a standalone fork there, which is, I mean, it's not like a big deal, but it's still not something that they would like to do because they have to focus, you know, core dev attention on that rather than the merge. So, yeah, we'll see. I mean, you see, like they're all kind of like really wanting to get this done as fast as possible, as I've discussed with you guys before. June is, what, five months away from now? It, you know, it definitely is, like to Mikhail's point, it is a tight schedule, especially for something that we want to make sure is right. But as I've said before, if the core developers and researchers are comfortable with doing it, then I'm comfortable with it because at the end of the day, they're the ones who know all this stuff better than any of us do. They're the ones who are building it, you know, squashing all the bugs, doing all the test nets, everything like that. So if they are comfortable with it, then I'm comfortable with it at the end of the day. But yeah, I recommend reading through the notes if you want to get some, I guess, more detail about this. I'll link it in the YouTube description. So, Mahilo is in here quote tweeting Polygon Hermes, which shared basically an update recently, but Mahilo basically said, we're excited to present you the architecture of Polygon Hermes, the first ZKVM roll up to go into production. The development is progressing really well and we are very excited for this year. Stay tuned, you won't be disappointed and you can go read this. I think I'm pretty sure I shouted this out on the refill either yesterday or the day before, but the reason I bring it up again is because Mahilo says, you know, very excited for this year. And then there was another tweet that I saw the other day from David here, who said three ZKRs with world-class teams launching test nets this year under the Polygon umbrella. So Polygon Hermes is aiming for, they actually corrected here and said, they're aiming for a Q2 test net with a Q3 main net. Polygon Zero is Q4 test net and Polygon Midan Q4 test net with main nets I'm expecting to be next year. So this is actually a big deal from Hermes, Q2 test net and Q3 main net for a ZKVM roll up. This is a generalized ZKVM roll up guys. It's a pretty big deal as you guys know and as I've discussed with you guys before. And who better to do it than the Polygon Hermes team here. Obviously, you know, Starkware has their own kind of stuff that they're doing, but it's not an EVM, it's Cairo and it's their own kind of like, it's their own kind of technology there. ZKSync is working on this sort of stuff as well, but I'm not sure if they're going to be as quick as Polygon Hermes. They might be, I haven't really seen kind of like any dates around that. And then obviously Polygon Zero, Midan are the other ZK teams here, but they're going to be coming a bit later. But if we can get like a generalized ZKVM that basically is equivalent to Arbitrum and Optimism in terms of being able to deploy to it and use it just like you would Arbitrum and Optimism, that's a pretty big deal, right? So we'll see if they actually hit these goals. Obviously, they're just goals, they're tentative dates, it's no guarantee. But I'm excited for this, very, very excited to see the first ZKVM go live on Testnet and Mainnet as well this year. It's a very, very big year for Polygon, I suspect. So that's a proposal that I spoke about the other day from Bitdao to allocate $200 million to the ZKSync ecosystem as part of ZKDAO has been approved. So this $200 million will be used to fund all sorts of things within the ZKSync ecosystem, such as grants, strategic capital, R&D, education, security standards, and more. So you can read the full proposal here at this link, which will be linked in the YouTube description, of course. And it basically has all the information for you to read through if it wants to load up on my screen here. Yeah, so it's a pretty good read. I mean, it's pretty long as well. I mean, it's like 71 pages of it of, oh, wait, maybe it's in different languages. Sorry, I think it's in a few different languages. I'm just trying to see where the English ends here. Where is it? Where is it? I'm glad it's in different languages, actually. I remember saying to you guys that I wish more teams kind of like put out stuff in more languages. All right, so it's about 11 pages. It's still pretty healthy. We have a lot of information in here for you guys to dig through. I haven't read this yet. It's in one of my tabs. That's why I didn't realize it was only 11 pages here. But definitely going to give this a read. This is a pretty big boost for the ZKSync ecosystem. And they also, you know, this is just one kind of like fund. I'm sure there's going to be other ones put towards it. I'm sure Project's going to put their own funds towards it. So very, very bullish on the future of ZKSync here. And speaking of ZKSync, they put out their first community updates post on Reddit. So you can check out all the updates got to do with ZKSync 1.0, ZKSync 2.0, ecosystem and community, including the ZKDAO stuff I just spoke about. Project's building on ZKSync and learning more about it here. So I think the biggest update from here was that on ZKSync 1.0, there's over $53 million locked in the ZKSync contract right now, even though there's no smart contract functionality there, which is really cool to see. And then on the ZKSync 2.0 side, they've stated that there are currently over 400 projects that Matter Labs, the team building ZKSync, is aware of waiting for the release of ZKSync 2.0. So Layer 2 space, hot as usual, really, really awesome to see this. And speaking of Layer 2, Aave V3 is now live on the test net on a bunch of different protocols here. So I mentioned to you guys before that I've suspected Aave V3 to go live on a bunch of EVM compatible chains. And that's exactly what they've done with these test nets. They're live on Ethereum, Avalanche, Phantom, Optimism, Arbitrum, Harmony, and Polygon, the POS chain, but on the test nets. Not on the main net just yet, but it's a public test net. So you can go play around with it if you want to at v3-test.ave.com. You can play around with it on any of your favorite EVM chains. So awesome to see this live on test net finally. Main net will be not far behind here. I can't wait for this. Honestly, this is one of the core protocols that I've been really waiting for to go live on the L2s, especially on Arbitrum and Optimism, and especially on the Polygon POS chain. So I'm very, very much looking forward to this. And obviously, it's live on Ethereum L1 as well. But whenever I see that, I'm just kind of like, how many people are really going to care that it's live on ETH L1 these days? Like, everyone's just going to use it on L2. So that's actually a pretty wild kind of like mindset change there, I think, whenever I'm kind of like seeing this now. Because in my head, I just like say, for me, Optimism and Arbitrum are Ethereum. They're just like an extension of Ethereum's block space. It's not like it's a different network or a competing network there. So that's kind of like how I'm thinking about it these days. But yeah, definitely go test this. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. So an update from Immutable here today. So every project built on Immutable X can now turn on MoonPay integration to enable instant credit card purchases of L2 ETH with zero gas fees. So fiat on-ramp, which, I mean, as I've said to you guys before, that is one of the critical building blocks to these L2s. And MoonPay is a pretty big payment processor here for these sorts of things. So now you don't even have to kind of like buy ETH of a centralized exchange, go to ETH L1 and then go into Immutable X. You can just use MoonPay to do instant credit card purchases of L2 ETH. Obviously, there's going to be fees involved on MoonPay's side and probably some credit card fees. But you know, funny enough, they might actually end up being cheaper than L1 fees because to bridge in from L1 could cost up to like $50 or something like that, especially to withdraw from an exchange first and then to bridge in. So, you know, when you kind of like look at that and do all the cost benefit there, it's definitely going to be cheaper there. So yeah, definitely go check this out if you're using Immutable X. So speaking of on and off-ramps, Bybit, a pretty big derivatives exchange announced today that they've integrated with Arbitrum. So you can now deposit and withdraw from Arbitrum using Bybit with ETH, USD, T and USDC. So just another big win for Arbitrum here. Just another way for people to get into the Arbitrum network without having to go through Layer 1 Ethereum. You know, I told you guys these were going to come in waves and come really, really quickly, especially after Binance did it. And I've said it plenty of times, but I hope Coinbase is close to the integrations here. We need Coinbase. Come on, guys. Maybe it's going to take one of the US-based exchanges to get them into gear like Kraken or Gemini. But we'll have to see how that shakes out there. But still very cool to see Bybit integrate Arbitrum here. If you're a Bybit user, I mean, you can go in and out of Arbitrum now with Bybit. So Rocketpool published their first article of the year today, which basically details the current state of Rocketpool, their work-in-progress roadmap and a new beta program that includes a sexy new staking UI. So the thing that caught me in this blog post actually was the diversity stats of Rocketpool. So you can actually see here between the mini pools and node operators, Prism is actually the minority client. So you can see that Lighthouse is the dominant client of both the mini pool and node operator. On the node operator side, Teccu is only a little bit behind in second place there. But Prism in both cases is around, well, on the node operator side, on the node operator at 6.7%, on mini pools 8.1%. So much less than Mainnet, right? Which is absolutely awesome. Like this is how it should be. This is like an, I mean, it's not like the most ideal distribution. Obviously the ideal distribution, if there's four clients running, it'd be like 25, 25, 25, 25, but that's never going to happen like that. That's just impossible. But this is a much healthier distribution because there's no like super dominant client, right? Like there's no one over 50%. Like I know I've said before that 66% is the critical threshold, but we don't want to be anywhere near the critical threshold. So ideally we don't want any one client to have more than 50% of the network share here. So it's really great to see that Rockerpool is taking client diversity seriously from day one in their network. I'm just loving this. If we can get Mainnet to this distribution, this would be the most awesome thing to happen for like the Ethereum beacon chain, especially, I mean, I don't think it's going to happen before the merge or even before withdrawals are enabled, as I've talked about plenty of times. But getting to this kind of distribution will be awesome. And obviously we're not going to get Prism down to 8% and we shouldn't even aim for that. I just, I'd love to see no one client having more than 50%. Then we can kind of like sleep peacefully at night. And I know Super Fizz who's been a big champion of client diversity lately, very publicly. I'm sure he'd get a really good night's sleep if Prism was even under like 60% or something like that on the main network there. But yeah, cool to see this. But yeah, definitely go give the rest of this kind of poster read. I mean, Rocker Pool seriously is one of my favorite kind of like projects and teams within the ecosystem. They have been working on this since I believe 2017. It may even be earlier than that, but I remember hearing about them ages ago. They've had to deal with so many changes when it came to kind of like this, the proof of stake roadmap for Ethereum, but they've stuck with it. They haven't given up. They haven't tried to found another project and they haven't kind of like sold off their tokens and just gone on a yacht and partied. They've stuck to it because, and they've done it in the right way as well. Then they didn't release it until they were happy with, you know, I'm doing it in such a way where it can be actually credibly kind of like decentralized as possible, as is possible today. And you know, these are the teams that we need to be supporting more of. And that's why I always bring them up. I always kind of talk about them as much as possible. And I always suggest them to any of you guys who want to stake with a pool because they just, they really give a shit. And I'm all about backing teams that give a shit about this sort of stuff. Because unfortunately, the people who care about decentralization and care about the ethos and mission of Ethereum in terms of like the long-term, during bull markets especially, we become the minority, unfortunately. I mean, just look at the amount of views my videos get compared to someone like BitBoy. Like most people are here for a quick buck and you know, that's, it is what it is, right? But like, I want to hang around people and I want to follow projects that actually kind of like gel with what I want to see in this ecosystem. And Rockerpool is definitely right up there. I mean, I'm kind of like spewing that I wasn't able to become one of the ODAO members at the time. Hopefully, I can get into the next round because I really want to support them as much as possible in any way that I can. But for now, I'm just going to keep promoting them to you guys, keep highlighting their posts and keep recommending that you read their posts, which this one, of course, will be linked in the YouTube description. So Rainbow, the mobile wallet app that I've been talking about a lot lately is now available for Android. So it traditionally only had been on iOS and that had obviously barred a lot of people from from onboarding there because I know there's a lot of Android users out there. So if you want to use the Rainbow mobile wallet app, you can go download it now at the Play Store. I use this on my phone. I mean, as you guys know, I'm not really a big mobile wallet user, but Rainbow and Arjun are really the only two that I kind of like get most of the use out of if I'm kind of like playing around with them on mobile. And Rainbow just has like a really nice interface and a really kind of cool display of things like NFTs and stuff. So I definitely recommend going and downloading this, playing around with it and seeing what you think of it if you're an Android user. So yeah, I'll link it in the YouTube description as well for you. All right. Finally, here we have ultrasound money with another update to the website with ETH burn categories. So you can see here what category has burned the most ETH. Obviously NFTs is a big thing here. I don't think there's any are in order by the way. DeFi has burned more than NFTs here, but DeFi is listed as second. But this is the all time burn. So NFTs alone have burned 532,000 ETH, DeFi 563,000, MEV at 37,000 ETH. That's pretty interesting, right? We have L2s at 3.7K ETH and we have miscellaneous at about 90,000 ETH here. So what I find really interesting is the L2s because this number is just the beginning. Like this is really like at the very beginning of L2s and kind of like L2 settling on L1 and their activity is obviously nowhere near what it's going to be. But I think that eventually L2 will be number one of the burn leaderboard. Number one of the kind of like gas guzzler by far for all the reasons I've outlined in the past. But at the same time, I actually think that for a few years to come still L1 is still going to be dominated by kind of like MEV. A lot of people are still going to be doing NFT stuff and DeFi stuff on there because I mean even if the fees get to like $300, $400 for a swap the really big whales and the people doing arbitrage transactions and people doing kind of like MEV, they're going to pay that. And I know that we won't pay that, right? But they're going to pay that and they'll be fine with paying that because as I've described to you guys before if they're making even you know 5% profit from that and then the rest of it is kind of like the fee they have to pay they're fine with that. That's still 5% in their pocket. So I expect that to continue for a while. But I'm curious to see kind of like how quickly L2s can start burning you know a decent chunk of ETH as they ramp up and as more of them go alive and as you know more of them have more activity. I wonder if this L2 includes the bridges as well like the kind of like official bridges in or if it just includes like the proofs and the call data portion. I have to check on that because if it includes the bridge transactions in and out of the L2s that would be good as well because that definitely counts as like L2s burning ETH, right? So we'll have to see how that kind of like shakes out there. But cool to see this. You know the funny thing is that like no one really talks about the burn anymore. You know I meme about it sometimes whenever the price is going down I basically say at least we're still burning ETH and you know that's kind of like part meme, part truth because I mean at the end of the day we are still burning ETH. The hilarious thing is that we're perpetually burning ETH like every single block we're burning some portion of ETH and I've said to you guys plenty of times before that I think when the market really starts going again that's where it really counts because there's a demand and supply and demand side to every market right now there's not enough demand to get the price to move, right? But we don't have the kind of like I mean we have an effective kind of like 70% reduction in supply since the EIP-1559 went live. So as that kind of like imbalance shifts over time over the longer term and as kind of like demand you know can stay the same we should trend up over time and then also once demand comes flooding back in I expect to see some explosive growth there just because of the sheer fact especially after the merge there's just going to be hardly any ETH for people to kind of people to buy, right? And actually I was talking to a friend about this the other day I was saying to him all the people playing within the NFT ecosystem buying and selling NFTs with ETH having to use ETH for gas fees a lot of them aren't actually buying ETH as an investment they're buying NFTs as an investment ETH is just kind of like their bridge currency to get there and they have to pay fees obviously on L1 and because they're not holding ETH and they haven't held ETH traditionally because a lot of them are new they're buying fresh ETH off the market so they're literally taking active ETH so actively traded ETH supply which is obviously the supply that we know is out there we know it's kind of like active we know it's part of the active market they're taking that off the market and burning a portion of it as part of the fees and that to me is way more bullish than myself or maybe one of you guys that have held your ETH for like a couple of years using that ETH to pay for transaction fees because the ETH that I have is already out of circulation I'm never selling my ETH so effectively it's already off the market so if I use my ETH to pay for gas fees it doesn't, I mean, yes it's burned but it doesn't really make a net difference because I know for a fact that I would never have introduced that ETH into the market again so it doesn't actually make a net difference there but all the ETH that's being purchased for the NFT ecosystem whether that's to pay fees or to buy NFTs with that's all freshly bought ETH and all the, you know, the burned portion of it is freshly you know, ETH that's kind of, ETH that was active that's now completely removed from the supply not just put in cold storage completely removed from the supply so I'm going to keep kind of like going on about how bullish this is even if the price is, you know, is down from when 1559 went live I don't care I have the long-term view, you guys know this and I think coupled with the merge it's just going to be like I mean once the demand comes back it's really going to be this massive push I think on ETH's price there's just not going to be much supply left there's quite literally going to be eventually a supply-side liquidity crisis which means there's not going to be enough ETH left for people to buy and that's going to send the price skyrocketing but anyway, that's just my beliefs obviously not investment advice but you guys know that I've been going on about this for a while but I think I'm going to end today's episode there so thank you everyone for listening and watching be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet give the video a thumbs up subscribe to the newsletter join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all next week thanks everyone!