 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Sassano and today is the 24th of February 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So I think today, the last 24 hours or so, have been quite a sad time for the world really. Obviously with Russia officially declaring war on Ukraine and beginning their invasion there. Now obviously I'm not a geopolitical expert and I don't think most people are, so I'm not going to be opining on the conflict itself and the war itself. I just wanted to quickly touch on a tweet that Vitalik actually put out. Because for those who don't know, Vitalik is part Russian. I mean part Russian, part Canadian. His dad's from Russia. So you know, he obviously has like a pretty big kind of vested interest in this. Or I guess maybe vested interest is the wrong term, but obviously he's affected by this and things like that. Now he put out two tweets around this. He put out one condemning I guess Russia and saying, you can view the tweet here and there's a translation where he says glory to Ukraine. And then a second one where he says reminder, Ethereum is neutral but I am not. And that's basically to say to the people, hey look, you know, I'm a human, I'm not going to be neutral on topics. I'm, you know, I have biases, I have emotions and I'm going to pick sides, yeah. Whereas Ethereum the platform, I mean, we've built it, we're building it to be as neutral as possible so that, you know, anyone can use Ethereum. Like whether they're, you know, whether it's Putin using Ethereum or whether it's kind of like Biden using Ethereum, Trump using Ethereum. You know, whoever it is, whatever world leader you can think of, whatever good person, bad person, whoever it is, the point of neutrality is that it's neutral. Like it doesn't matter who's using it, doesn't matter what's being done on the network, terrorist financing, money laundering, you know, all the worst things you can think of, it's going to be done. But the thing is, is that neutrality doesn't mean that just the bad things happen, it means the good things happen as well. It means that we get to build tools that help people escape bad things happening to them. For example, financial oppression is really, really a really big deal in lots of parts of the world. Ethereum, Bitcoin, a bunch of other networks out there may help with that. Like I don't think we help with that at this point in time in terms of kind of like it being to the stage where people can actually use this sort of stuff as part of their everyday lives or anything like that. But it is an option, right? But not only is an option for those kinds of people, it's an option for people in the first world who want to, or kind of like in countries where they're not financially oppressed in order to escape the system or opt out of the existing centralized systems. And that's, I guess what most of us are pretty much excited about and interested in because I assume most of you watching or listening aren't under oppressive regimes. You kind of like aren't being cut off from your banking services or anything like that. But the point is, is that we want to be able to use something that we consider to be a better system, a fairer system. And that is what DeFi is at least trying to be. That is what a lot of what Ethereum is building is trying to be. But again, this can only exist if the platform is neutral. Like Ethereum as a network does not take sides. It does not say, hey, I'm not going to process this transaction because I suspect that it is part of like a terrorist financing thing or something like that, right? The Ethereum network has no opinion. Every transaction looks the same to the Ethereum network. It looks the same to kind of like miners and they're going to process that. Now, can censorship happen on the network? Can transactions be dropped? Of course they can. The miners could band together and they could basically choose to censor a particular address, blacklist a particular address, and then not include those transactions. But obviously, given that mining is kind of like a distributed thing, it's a decentralized thing. And given that we're moving to proof of stake, which makes this even harder to do, it becomes like a very, very low chance. And that's why we call it censorship resistant instead of censorship proof, because it still can happen, but it's a very low chance there. But still in that kind of regard, the Ethereum network is still not taking sides there. That's the miners essentially, or I guess like the block producers taking sides here, or at least kind of like breaking that neutrality. But that doesn't really happen. Now, the final thing I want to kind of like say on this is that while Ethereum, the network is neutral and it's kind of like normal running state, it can still be disrupted by humans because at the end of the day, humans run, as I mentioned, the miners, humans run the full nodes, humans run the infrastructure, humans are responsible for decisions that get made on the network, such as network upgrades. Yes, it requires overwhelming majority. Yes, things can get VITA and not included if the majority doesn't want it. But the thing is, is that humans are still responsible. So for example, I mean, we talked about the Dow hack recently. Humans decided to basically return the hacked funds to the individuals and take it away from the hacker, which led to a network split, of course. Now, we could still do that today if everyone decided to do it. If the vast majority of the participants within the ecosystem, you know, exchanges, individuals, full nodes, miners, all that sort of stuff, if they all decided, hey, you know, we want to unfreeze the parity funds, like there was a bug in a parity smart contract, their multi-sig wallet a while ago, a bunch of ETH got frozen, I think it's like 300,000 ETH or something like that, and it's still frozen to this day. There wasn't EIP to unfreeze it, but the community voted no against that because they said, no, that would be a bailout, you know, Cody's law sort of thing, we're going to leave it like that. Now, that doesn't mean that the community can't come together right now and unfreeze those funds. They could, right? They could. But the thing is, is that we're building these systems so that it's resistant to stuff like that. You build the culture around that to say that, no, you know, the only time we want to change the rules of the network is when we're actually upgrading the network and it has to go through the EIP process, which is a whole thing, it takes forever to do anything. I mean, it took over two and a half years for EIP-1559 to get in and that was one of the most popular or the most popular EIP ever to be proposed. So I think when you take that view, you can kind of like see how it all fits together there. But that was basically all I wanted to say about that. You know, obviously this conflict, I have absolutely no idea what's going to happen here, no idea where it's going to go, no idea what's going to happen with the markets. Obviously, the markets aren't liking this, the markets don't like uncertainty. I'm just going to keep delivering the Ethereum-related news, guys, because me as an individual, I can't do anything. I mean, I'm in Australia, like I'm as far removed from this conflict as one could be, essentially, right? But, you know, I hope it all turns out for the best, even though I know it probably won't because, you know, obviously in war there are no winners. It doesn't matter what side you're on, it sucks for everyone, it's just the way it is. But we'll have to see what happens there. But I think that's probably going to be the last thing I mention about it, to be honest, I'm sure you might hear my opinion about it. You'll see it all on Twitter, Reddit, it's actually kind of surreal seeing a war be live-streamed and live-tweeted out, like that's just, you know, pretty bizarre, but that's the world we're living in right now. But anyway, moving on from that, onto a bunch of the project updates from the last 24 hours. So, Obel Labs here, the team behind Obel Network, which is a multi-operator validator network for Ethereum proof-of-stake, and I've talked about Obel before, basically they want to make it so that you can safely stake and have like state-renunant systems set up as well. They're doing a bunch of stuff to make sure that people don't accidentally double sign and things like that. You can have like a active-active staking system, and that would mean that you could have two active instances of a validator going on, but only one of them would be kind of like in the active set at a time, so you don't get double signed. So that's pretty exciting. But anyway, in relation to what they announced today, they launched what's called the Obel Proto Community, which is an on-ramp to organize, educate and incentivize community members contributing to DVT and the Opel ecosystem. So you can check out the blog post, obviously, for a full breakdown of what's happening here. But this is really cool. I think, as I've said before, protocols live and die based on their community, and kind of like having a community is really, really kind of like hard to do and hard to build up, and a lasting community is hard to keep sticking around. But I guess right now, Obel doesn't have a token. So their community is going to be built on people who actually give a shit about the protocol rather than like 99% of those people just being there for the token, which I really, really love, obviously. And then, while growing this community over time, they'll be able to kind of like add more and more people to the ecosystem, add more and more people that can build things as well, like build out the infrastructure, help to kind of like build out what they're trying to deploy here, which is going live after the merge, by the way, because it doesn't actually work before the merge. So keep an eye out for that. I don't know if that's going live after the withdrawals are enabled. I believe it's kind of like after the merge, but I don't think that's going to be like the full kind of like package of what's being delivered there, because it does rely on Ethereum's roadmap being delivered there. But yeah, really, really cool to see this. I'm looking forward to seeing how the Obel community grows and what they kind of like accomplish with this. I think it's going to be great. I mean, you know, as I said before, Rockerpool is what I consider like an Ethereum proof-of-stake community, absolutely awesome community. eStaker, awesome community, right? Everyone that seems to be involved in the Ethereum proof-of-stake ecosystem are just awesome people who are really in it for the right reasons. And there's no reason to believe that the Obel community won't follow the same path. And I think there's going to be a lot of overlap there. I think there's going to be just this massive Venn diagram where you have like proof-of-stake people in the middle, and then you have like Obel, Rockerpool, you know, general kind of like Ethereum proof-of-stake all overlapping. And then, you know, Lido, whatever else, like all overlapping there. And then we can just have like a very, very robust and healthy staking ecosystem. And we like, like I've talked about before, I've talked about this plenty of times where I've said that we need a robust and healthy staking ecosystem, or as proof-of-stake is kind of like pointless. We don't want to get to a point where essentially we have what we have today in Ethereum where most of the miners actually don't care about Ethereum, really. I mean, they don't care about Ethereum's values and its ethos and stuff like that. And this has been shown time and time again. And I've talked about this a lot on the review, especially around the drama with 1559 miners trying to veto it. But when we go to proof-of-stake, we're going to have people that both give a shit about Ethereum and everything Ethereum represents, but also care about staking, about staking on their own, about decentralizing the stake. So those kind of, I guess, stakeholders overlap much more greatly, which that's one of the things that's less talked about, but one of the things that I'm most excited about in the kind of like staking worlds. But yeah, if you want to get involved, you can join the overall proto community by following this link, which is in the blog post, which I'll link in the YouTube description below. All right, so a massive announcement of Diversify today, they have teamed up with the Opera browser here and Starkware to power the first mobile browser wallet on Ethereum layer two. So you can transact instantly and gas free with L2 directly from the Opera browser. So you can read this blog post for more information on this, of course. But this is great. I mean, I was talking about like mass adoption yesterday and how we could kind of like simplify these things for people and make it so that more people can get involved with our ecosystem. Well, obviously L2 is a big part of that, you know, gas free L2, especially because at the end of the day, most people don't want to pay fees at all, which is totally fine, totally understandable, right? But you can scroll down. I think there was an image somewhere of what this looks like. I don't know if it was an Opera's page or not. I mean, you can see at the top here, there seems to be a bit of a teaser on the right hand side of this image in the video. So you can basically choose who you want to kind of like send funds to, enter the amount and then, you know, send those funds to the recipient there, which is really, really cool. Obviously, with cheap fee, gas free, cheap fees here, which is awesome. And, you know, diversify for those of you who don't know is also a decentralized exchange. So that's going to be part of it as well. There's going to be fiat on-ramps, I believe, and Opera, you know, maybe one of the smaller browsers, but they still have hundreds of millions of users, I believe. You know, I remember I used to use Opera back in the day, like a while ago. I think it was back when I was a teenager, because it was actually better at the time than Chrome and Firefox, believe it or not. But I think these days, browsers are a bit of a much and muchness, but there's still a lot of people who use Opera. I mean, obviously, I'm using Chrome right now. It's kind of my daily drive. I'm just used to it. But awesome to see these, awesome to see diversify landing a big partnership like this, and obviously, Starkware as well, because Starkware powers diversify. They're using the StarkX ecosystem. So very, very cool to see these. You can go check out the blog post for more information about this partnership. All right. So Yearn announced today that they are now on Arbitrum. Awesome. This is the first L2 that Yearn is on. As I've said to you guys before, that once, I guess, like a lot of the supporting infrastructure, supporting apps are deployed to Arbitrum and Optimism and all these other L2s, these kind of aggregators will follow. So obviously Yearn is very popular as a yield aggregator. Now, you know, you can access them on Arbitrum, which a lot of people have actually been waiting for. I remember in the Discord channel, this has been brought up multiple times. People were like, you know, when Yearn? When are we going to be able to do, you know, yield aggregation on layer 2s? Well, here it is. It's on Arbitrum. And it's great that it's Yearn because they're actually serious about this kind of stuff. And, you know, they go through why Arbitrum here. Arbitrum's Ethereum's largest L2 with $3 billion in TVL, 10 times lower gas costs right now, obviously lowering over time. Support for Arbitrum, Ethereum, deposit and withdrawals on both Binance and FTX. And it strengthens Yearn's first true love, which is Ethereum, because Yearn is also on the Phantom blockchain as well there. So to ensure a smooth rollout, Yearn will launch on Arbitrum with a single vault, Curbs Tri-Crypto, which represents a curve liquidity pool holding equal parts of three tokens, wrapped Bitcoin, wrapped ETH and USDT. So to enter the vault, you can just follow this guide in this thread here. So awesome to see this. You know, at the end of the day, what I see playing out on layer 2 is exactly what I saw play out on layer 1 during DeFi Summer. We get all these DeFi Legos kind of like deployed. And then we get these aggregators that sit on top of all these Legos and put them all together and create awesome products. And that's exactly what Yearn does. And you know, the funny thing is Yearn was, I think, the biggest thing in DeFi Summer. You know, there was SushiSwap and there was YAM. But I think the magic of Yearn and like the yield farming that came out of that, like everyone getting their hands on yield farming, trying to wrap their head around it, the Wi-Fi token going nuts, like that really, I'm getting nostalgic right now about that. That was really what earnestly kicked off DeFi Summer. Like Compound obviously came first in June with their liquidity mining program and comp and stuff like that. That was, I would say that's kind of like what the beginning of it was. But I think Yearn is what really kick started the entirety of DeFi Summer there and that which continued into kind of like YAM and Sushi and you know, a million different food forks. And it was just a crazy time. Like I actually, now that I think about it, I'm getting nostalgic over how crazy it was. I'm not going to bore you with that. But essentially, it's great to see that they're still around. That's the point that I was getting to is the fact that they didn't just leave. They didn't just kind of like, I guess, how do I say it? Like abandon the network or abandon kind of like their project, even though obviously DeFi has been very quiet lately in terms of like the token prices and stuff like that. They kept building and they keep building and they keep doing things like deploying to L2s on Ethereum, which is obviously, you know, we always want to see that. We all want to see that, right? And we all want to use these products. I mean, at the end of the day, there's probably other yield aggregators on the L2s at this stage, but it's all about which ones you trust. Like I would trust Yearn over pretty much like all the other ones just because it's been around for such a long time. I know that the builders behind it are very earnest and know what they're doing. And, you know, they take kind of like security seriously as well. So cool to see this. Just another thing for you guys to use on Arbitrum. And speaking of what to use on Arbitrum, Littler Cohen has another thread about some of the cool new apps on Arbitrum. So actually, Hedgic has actually launched on Arbitrum. I didn't know Hedgic was still around. I thought that kind of like that project had been abandoned, but apparently it is. And apparently they continue to build, which is really awesome to see. A bunch of others here, a bunch of the other options protocols. There's something called UkiTrade, which I think is a margin trading platform. I hadn't even heard of UkiTrade before until just now. So that's pretty cool. HashFlow, obviously, I've been talking about them quite a bit recently. Acropolis, wow, Acropolis, I haven't heard that name in a while. They've been around for a while now. I didn't know that was still around. So there it is. And then there was kind of Strips Finance, which I mentioned before as well. But you can check out this thread from Littler Cohen for a bunch of links to that sort of stuff there. And speaking of Arbitrum, I also wanted to mention that Arbitrum reached their, I guess, like all-time high of daily transactions recently at 100,000. And this is during a bear market, guys. Like, this is what I mean when I said that, look at what's growing and going up into the right when the markets are quiet, because that's where the most of the value is being created. And Arbitrum hitting 100,000 daily transactions is actually pretty poor. I mean, yes, Ethereum does like 1.2 million-ish per day, but Ethereum is kind of capped because of its gas limit. Arbitrum, I mean, they have a kind of like training wheels on, a cap on and stuff like that. But Arbitrum in theory can do thousands of transactions per second, right? So in theory, it can go up to tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions per day once we get to that kind of like demand level there. But they're just growing steadily during the bear market. Now, imagine what happens when the market heats up again, and we get all these kind of like craziness coming around again, and Arbitrum is ready to onboard users. And obviously not just Arbitrum, there's the other L2s out there as well. Optimism is doing a lot of great stuff, and along with the others. But imagine what happens when the market heats up again. It's going to go crazy, right? And this is the best period for kind of like these L2s to be in, because they get to stress test the infrastructure with kind of like a lot of legit apps launching on there, and with not too much craziness, so they can actually focus on things. And they also get to kind of like ramp it up slowly, so when the craziness comes back, they're ready for it. So I'm very much looking forward to the next proper bull market, guys. We're going to have a proper L2 ecosystem for people to use, and it's no longer going to be, oh, I hate Ethereum, so many high fees, like it sucks, it's so slow, you know, I'm not going to pay a million dollars for a swap, obviously not a million dollars, but... And instead of all that, people are just going to bridge into Arbitrum, just going to bridge into Optimism, going to bridge into all the other ones. Like obviously, the Polygon POS chain has been out there for a while, people have been enjoying that. Not an L2, but still a solution for people. So I think that it's going to be a very different narrative once this happens. So I'm very much looking forward to that, and I'm just loving the amount of apps that are going live on all these networks, on all these L2s as we progress through, I guess, like the bear market. All right, so Perpetual Protocol have announced that they are sponsoring the first ever ETH Faucet on Optimism. So you can get 0.002 ETH by bridging at least 3,000 USDC to a new wallet on Optimism. This is really cool, because what this means is that you're able to get ETH on Optimism without having to bridge in ETH, because you obviously still need ETH to pay the fees. So you'll be able to kind of bridge in at least 3,000 USDC to a new wallet using Optifaucet.com here. Then you will be given the 0.002 ETH, which I actually don't know what it is in dollar terms. Let me quickly kind of like calculate that. So it's about five bucks, which is enough to do kind of like a couple of swaps. So what you could do, transfer that USDC in, right, to Optimism, then trade a bit of it for some more ETH using the free OE that you've gotten, and then away you go, right? You can kind of like have full kind of like power to do what you want there. So that's very, very cool. And I guess like really cool for Perpetual Protocol to be sponsoring this. I'm not sure how long this is going to last. Maybe it doesn't last forever. And obviously the value is so low because it could be sibled, right? People could create like lots of different addresses and then just bridge in. But the thing is, is that bridging in to Optimism, I don't know what the cost is currently, but it actually would cost more to bridge in and to get the free kind of like OE, then it would be like, it wouldn't be profitable to do that because obviously the gas fees on Layer 1 to bridge in would be more than the ETH that you would get on Optimism. Yeah. But the point is, is that like normally if you wanted to bridge in Stablecoins and ETH, you would have to do two transactions on Layer 1, which obviously cost a lot in gas, or you'd have to bridge in ETH and then trade it for USDC on Optimism and stuff like that. So now you can just bridge in Stablecoins and get your free OE. So very, very cool to see this. Head to Optiforset.com if you want to get involved there. So Jasper here put together a thread talking about one of the most important votes in DeFi is going on right now as Convex Finance votes on adding a gauge for a WSTE-R ETH pool. If this vote passes, a new era will begin where YCRV-E ETH will no longer be king. The time for Rocket pool is now. So the start of the killer collateral YCRV-WSTE ETH, and he kind of like breaks it all down here. I'm not going to read all this because it's going to take me forever to read all of it. But he kind of like breaks it all down here. But this is going to be a really cool kind of like pool that basically allows you to trade between ST-ETH or wrapped ST-ETH, which is LIDO Staked ETH and REETH, which is Rocker Pool Staked ETH. I mean, guys, like just taking into account that and then taking into account these other tokens, which are kind of like YCRV-E ETH, which was like yearn stuff with kind of like convex stuff mixed in there in order to get like more rewards and more yield. You're going to be holding an ETH staking token. Then you're going to be getting yield from the swaps. Then you're getting yield from the token payouts as well of CRV and CVX, I believe, and in LDO, like LIDO's token. And it's just kind of becomes like this massive yield burger that kind of beats out a lot of things for ETH. Like you're getting yield on ETH, by the way, guys, not on stablecoins here. Now in saying that, as I've said plenty of times, there's obviously more risk here. There's stablecoin, not stablecoin risk, there's smart contract risk. There's risk of one of these kind of like staked ETH tokens losing their peg for whatever reason, or not their peg, but like losing a lot of value for whatever reason. Then the pool ending up holding the one that you don't want to be holding and things like that. There are extra risks here. But I think the risks maybe outweigh the benefits. So you can maybe just kind of like stake a little bit with this to get some outsize yield and stake the rest with maybe just rock-a-pool vanilla staking or staking on your own. If you've got the ETH for it or things like that. So just another solution here, but this is very cool to see. As Jasper says here, this is going to vote right now. I'm sure it's going to pass. This is going to be super popular for people to kind of like play around with and get involved with. So yeah, great little thread here from Jasper that you can read. It'll be linked in the YouTube description below. All right. So the EF Ecosystem Support Program has a new website at esp.ethureum.foundation with office hours and more grants. So this is cool because basically I've talked about the ESP a bunch of times on the refuel and about all the stuff that they're doing. For those who don't know, refresh up, they support a bunch of different kind of like projects in the ecosystem using funds from the Ethereum Foundation. So basically giving out grants and stuff like that. So you can see here that in 2019 they gave out $7.7 million worth of grants to 68 projects. In 2020, they gave out $12.9 million to 99 projects. And in 2021, they gave out $26.9 million to 136 projects. Very, very, very cool. So, and there's just an asterisk here. ESP grants and support are not inclusive of all EF allocations. And this website has a bunch of resources that you can read as well. I'm obviously not going to read it out on the video. You can kind of click for applicants here. So if you're interested in getting some support, you can apply. You'd learn more about everything that they're doing. Learn more about what they support. There's a kind of like a scope blog post here, who we support, how we support them, all these sorts of stuff. So yeah, this is a cool little website. I'm glad they put together this and there's a blog post you can read as well about this. Because I mean, look, it's funny because I've mentioned how the ethereum.org website didn't get updated for a very long time. And now that it has been updated, it is one of the best websites out there, guys. Like seriously, so, so awesome. So we need more of these things because I think people get confused about all the moving parts in ethereum and that's because we are decentralized. So it's kind of like hard to centralize information, so to speak, but more and more of these kind of like info sites are being put together and coming out, which I think is going to help a lot with that. So very, very cool to see these from the ESP. All right. So Nick Johnson from Ian, the ENS team here, shared a post today that Spruce, which is behind, I guess, the, well, one of the teams behind the sign-in with ethereum effort has put forward a proposal for the ENS DAO to fund the first credibly neutral identity provider for open ID connect, allowing any site that supports OIDC open ID connect to trivially add support for signing with ethereum. So you can go check out this full blog post, or I guess like full post on the ENS governance forum here. I'm all for this. I think they're looking for a $200,000 grant, which, which makes sense here, but anything that makes it easier for, I guess, like websites or I guess for like any website like web two web three to add support for signing with ethereum is kind of like good in my book because you guys know my view on this. I would much rather be able to sign in with ethereum to a website that have to use something else. Like I don't want to have to use, uh, Google or Facebook or Twitter or anything because it's centralized platforms. I can't bring my data with me. I don't own my data and it doesn't help me build up my on-chain kind of like profile where I sign in with ethereum does. So I'm all for this. As I said, you can read this, you can go check it out and see what they're kind of like after here. They're not after that much money to be asked. I mean, 200 grand is really not a really not much and it's going to be a combination of, um, well it could be a combination of both USDC and ENS and DNS treasury is quite large right now because it has a lot of ENS tokens in it. And I doubt selling, you know, even like a hundred, a hundred thousand dollars with an ENS is really going to move the market there. So I, I'm all for this, but definitely go check out the discussion here. Add your own points to it if you, if you want to, uh, because this is something that's very exciting to me, uh, especially around not just signing with ethereum, but like identity layers and think on chain identity. I think there's a lot going on here and there's going to be a lot more going on here as time goes on. All right. So speaking of the ethereum.org website before, uh, they put together a page about bridges in part. No, I did this. They did this with a leaf fire protocol. So you can go here. This page will link to the YouTube description. I've spoken about bridges so, so much. And I remember saying that L2 beat was going to put together a bunch of resources around this, which they will, but ethereum.org has beaten them to the punch and put together a bunch of resources around bridges for you to, to kind of like read about as well. So this is really, really awesome. I mean, and they've got links to further reading on the bottom as well. As I've said, plenty of times bridges are becoming or have become that kind of like single point of failure for a lot of the stuff in the ecosystem right now. You want to be able to know what bridge you're using, what kind of like the trade-offs are, what the trust assumptions are, how it works under the hood, you know, what the risks are, all that sort of stuff. And this is a good first step from the ethereum.org team. And the leaf, leaf protocol team to kind of like put this together. Now I'm still looking forward to L2 beats resources, Bob, because I'm sure they're going to go even deeper than this and even technically deeper than this. This is still good. So definitely go check this out. I'll, I'll kind of like link it in the YouTube description. But on that note, I'm almost at time here, but there's one last thing I wanted to kind of like talk about. And that was with regards to, I guess like the discord channel. Now the discord channel, I've mentioned it before. We have such an awesome community in there guys. Like seriously, I just, I know I say it at the end of every episode to join it as just like a generic thing, but seriously, if you're looking for a community that gives a shit about ethereum, really deeply cares about ethereum, is not all about the price, actually talks about the tech and you can get your questions answered in there from basically a lot of smart people. Join it, join it. You know, I'm in there. I typically response to messages in the discord channel. If you tag me there faster than anywhere else. So if you want to get my attention, that's definitely where to do so as well. And we have channels for basically everything. I mean, if I bring up my discord, kind of like app here, you know, we have channels for like, obviously prices is being discussed. We have like eighth one, eighth two, layer two, defy stuff, gaming stuff going on. And you know, I wake up every morning and I look into the channels. I'm like, holy shit, like there's so much going on. I can't even keep up with it anymore. It's so awesome. So just wanted to kind of shout that out again for you guys to join that channel if you haven't yet. I hope to see you in there, but on that note, I'm going to end it there for today. So thank everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel. If you haven't yet, give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the disco channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.