 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the DeliWay Review. Where we capture the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sassano, until the 27th of October 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So the all core devs calls are back in full swing today at 2pm UTC. So as Tim Byker says here, there is a lot to cover and you can see the packed agenda at this link, which of course will be linked in the YouTube description. Just for ease of time here, I'll read out the agenda. So there'll be planning around Shanghai, which is obviously that next network upgrade coming up hopefully soon. That involves client teams, updates slash priorities, fork activation, current CFID EIPs with the withdrawals update, Shandong, that testnet that I spoke about. Also, I guess that DevNet that I spoke about the other day. Other topics as well down here and some comments here as well, which you can obviously go check out. But yeah, very cool to see that the all core devs calls are back and I'm very excited to see all the updates from that and see where we're at on a number of different fronts. Obviously, we all want to know when Shanghai is going to go live, especially things like withdrawals and proto-dank sharding. So very much looking forward to seeing the updates from that. Alright, so speaking of MEV lately, obviously I've been speaking about it a lot in the context of censorship resistance and censorship in general on Ethereum. Domothy here, who is a dailygue OG, put together a eighth research post and a Twitter thread explaining their new proposal on how to tackle this issue of MEV. And I was thinking about this after I saw Dom's post. I was like, okay, what is really the root issue here of censorship on Ethereum? It's not necessarily the censorship. The root issue is MEV. MEV is what's enabling the censorship. And the reason why the censorship can happen is because we're given way too much power to these relays that exist or to block builders that exist on Ethereum. And that is the cause. There is the effect and then there is... So there's a cause and effect, right? So the cause is MEV, the effect is censorship. So what if we eliminate as much MEV as possible, remove MEV entirely or make it a more competitive kind of process slash market? Well, Dom's got an idea here and that's basically what if we burned the MEV? So you can check out this post here on e3search. It's quite lengthy actually and it looks like he's been working on this for quite a while. So just a big kudos to them for getting this out there. And they've got a few replies here as well from people like Micah and Barnaby, who you will probably know of. I've talked about them a bunch on the refill as well. But basically, the TLDR here is that the idea is to get rid of the monopoly, the MEV monopoly by taking a random sample of validators every slot. A slot is basically every 12 seconds in previous stake. And it's otherwise referred to as a block and letting them compete against each other. Whoever is willing to burn the most ETH gets to propose the block and collect the block proposal reward from the newly issued ETH. This doesn't change anything for block builders. They're still competing with each other like they are today. It's just that their bids end up being burned instead of given to a single person, meaning they'd be bribing the network itself instead of a single proposer every slot. If done right, this could fix a big centralization vector for validators. Suddenly controlling more validators doesn't mean getting disproportionately more income. It just means you burn MEV more often. Bringing us closer to the goal of, quote, X percent of the state gets you X percent of the rewards, end quote. So this is more on the side of fixing, I guess, validator centralization and that incentive to basically go with a giant pool because you can get better rewards from things like MEV, right? And I think this is a really great and pretty cool solution. As I said, there's some discussion on the ETH research post. There was some discussion on Twitter. I think Polina actually brought up a concern with this or said like a disadvantage. So disadvantage would be that it exacerbates ETH volatility as thus far MEV has been proportional to speculative activity velocity at a time at which ETH value is already overinflated. To be better money, ETH must improve its volatility. I think what Polina is trying to say here, and I don't really necessarily disagree but don't agree either. I am kind of neutral on this, but what they're trying to say is that a lot of MEV or most of it is tied to ETH volatility, right? When ETH price goes up, there's a lot of market activity. When ETH price goes down, there's a lot of market activity that translates into on-chain activity, which translates into MEV opportunities, right? Whether they be liquidations, sandwich attacks, front running, all that sorts of stuff. Volatility is like the beating heart of MEV, at least for on-chain MEV, right? So when you think about it like that, what Polina is basically saying is that this new thing that Dom's come up with would exacerbate the ETH volatility, which would lead to having more MEV and lead to maybe more perverse outcomes down the line. And there was a few other replies here as well, both pros and cons, obviously. Nothing's perfect, right guys? But the reason why I thought this was interesting and wanted to highlight it, or at least the main reason, was simply because there are so many people working on not just censorship concerns or censorship issues within Ethereum, but also the issues around centralization of stakes slash validators. Now, what I find funny about this whole concept of centralization of validators and stake is that people will say, well, you know, you can just go on proof of work and it fixes the issue. No, no. It doesn't matter if it's hash power or stake. The problem is, and the heart of the problem is, that things tend to centralize based on economies of scale. In proof of work, the economies of scale are pretty self-explanatory, right? You have more money, you can buy more mining hardware, you can earn more rewards, and then you keep going up and up and up, right? And you keep... And basically, the people who... And it's also very costly to set up a mining operation and over time, it tends to centralize. The same is true for staking, but just in a different way. And with Ethereum as well, with smart contract blockchains, you have MEV, which is also another pressure on centralization, right? Because, as I said, because of MEV, people tend to pull their stake together so that they can get access to more rewards from that MEV instead of doing it on their own and proposing it on their own. So what Dom's proposal here does is try to flip that on its head instead of going to the actual proposer, the MEV, or I guess like the burn, the ETH burned, or the profits would go to the network itself through that burning mechanism. And this is, I guess, in the same line of thinking around EIP 1559, right? Where most of the value of a transaction, the fear of a new from that transaction, I should say, sorry, is burned, and the miners get a little bit of that as a tip. And this has proved to be pretty awesome for a number of different reasons. So let's, you know, maybe apply that to MEV as a whole. So we're gonna have to see how this evolves and how Dom's proposal is, I guess, refined over time and taken by the community. But if this ends up in the network, this would be really cool. I think that, I don't know, personally, I think it's really cool because Dom has been active in the DailyWay Discord channel, as I said, as a DailyWay OG. And it'd be awesome to see someone from the DailyWay community get something into the core protocol. That basically makes Dom, I mean, it doesn't make him a core dev, so to speak, but it definitely gets him as close as anyone else. Closer than me, that's for sure. So yeah, I just like this little personal note there on that one. But you can check this out for yourself. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so speaking of MEV, we have a new relay out today from this Twitter account builder, 0x69. So they are now producing full unfiltered blocks unfiltered meaning not censorship a block, not censoring blocks and not OFAC compliant blocks at this website relayor.wtf. It's fully open sourced, completely permissionless, validates only block payment but not block content. If you're a small scale validator interested in protecting each neutrality, you're welcome to connect. Now, I like this first sentence here. I mean, part of this first sentence where they said, validates only block payment but not a block content. That's how it should be. That basically means it validates based on how much you're willing to pay for your transaction to get into a block, not based on block content, which is what something like the Flashbots relay is doing. They're doing the block payment as well, obviously, but they're also doing the block content where they're basically saying, okay, well, if this is coming or if this is going to a tornado cash address or to an OFAC sanctioned address, don't process this. And that's obviously what we want to eliminate or at least get rid of as much as possible. And one way of doing that is by having a diverse relay market, basically, that people can choose from and that validators can choose from. Now, this is literally very, very new. This is with, I think this only came out less than 24 hours ago and they've already got almost a thousand validators that are active on their relay here. So obviously, it's nothing major yet, but as I said, they just came out, right? You're going to have to give it time. But it's cool to see that they've got almost a thousand validators already. To put that in a bit of context, I guess, there's 450,000 validators active right now on the network. Not all of those validators are currently using MEV Boost either. So if we go to the MEV Watch website, we can get kind of, I guess, actually, maybe the raider.network website will give us a better kind of view here. Let me get this tab up here. So, yeah, we can kind of see the distribution here and how things are looking. Let's have a look here. So I just want to look at, it's going to be kind of hard for me to work this out on the fly here. I wanted to look at how many validators were using Flashbots. And I've got a percentage here, but this is a percentage of all MEV Boosted blocks. And then raider.network will show, yeah, I mean, it'll show it kind of, yeah, it's kind of hard to get the percentage here. But obviously, Flashbots is extremely prevalent on the network. Maybe if I include all blocks, that's, you know, that's a good proxy. Because you can basically say, let's have a look. I'm just doing quick math. I know that I'm rambling a little bit here. I'm trying to do this on the fly. So 7% is not Flashbots. So if we do that 63% of all blocks, and then we do 80, let's do naive math. Let's just say 60% are censoring right now. So 60% of the total validators would be around 200 and, I don't know, 80 or 290,000 validators are currently part of the censoring ones. So yeah, I mean, it's obviously quite a small share right now. But hopefully that grows and hopefully it chips into those censoring relays. So if you want to check this out and possibly point your validators towards this, you can. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so smartprogrammer.eth from the Nethermind team today put out just an update tweet saying that they have synced with Shandong. So Nethermind is now on that Shandong DevNet that I've spoken about. The usual process here, guys, of testing EIPs that go into the Ethereum upgrades is the, I guess, specifications of those EIPs. Obviously, and then doing DevNets around them, then doing TestNets, then MainNets. So we're at the DevNet phase, which is very cool. I've gone through yesterday how withdrawals are making good progress. There's a lot of progress happening on Protodank sharding, of course, as well, and a bunch of the other EIPs, but we already have the DevNets out. If we can get a TestNet out for these sorts of stuff, maybe by the end of the year, that'd be very promising for a possibly late Q1 Shanghai upgrade coming to the Ethereum network. Maybe early Q2, as I've discussed. I mean, timelines are always all over the place, but that's my current thinking around the timelines there. All right, so speaking of EIP 4844 slash Protodank sharding, that meme that I spoke about the other day around blobs, right, and around blob space and things like that, there's also another meme that is the dot small o large o. And now what this actually translates to is that the dots is data availability today. So we have a very small amount of data availability today, right, like on the Ethereum network. The lowercase o is Protodank sharding, so we increase that by a little bit. I mean, not by a little bit, we increase it by about 10 to 100x, right? It's obviously a lot, but then we go big o, which is full dank sharding. So full dank sharding is going to give us much more capacity than we have under Protodank sharding, but I think this is really cool because it's actually like a meme that makes a lot of sense. And I think there's been a bit of confusion around this, as you can see from the replies that Tim's saying, you know, this is literally the reason for the meme. And then Ansgar said here, well, I hope you realize the amount of confusion you created, because literally no one could tell me what it meant. And he's cut a screenshot of Trent Van Epps here saying, Tim started it, I think it's just blobs of various sizes, which is kind of, I guess, it kind of like in the same realm of what this actually is. But yeah, this is our new meme. So if you see people saying this dots, sorry, I should say a period, a than a lowercase o and a big case o, it basically means data availability today, Protodank sharding and full dank sharding. We are actually much closer to Protodank sharding than I think people think, which is cool. Full dank sharding, I think people underestimate how long that's going to take. I think that's why Protodank sharding is even a thing, is because we know that full dank sharding may take, look, if I had to put a timeline on it, it could take till like 2025, guys. Like that's how complex this sort of stuff is. And I think the one of the most complex parts of it is DAS or data availability sampling, making sure that we understand that correctly, we implement that correctly and we can actually implement it. So I wouldn't expect full dank sharding anytime soon, but Protodank sharding, I mean, realistically, we can have that in the first half of next year. If not, maybe we have a little bit later, but that's definitely coming much sooner than full dank sharding. All right, so I've spoken a lot about DVT or distributed validator technology lately. And Lido announced today that they're actually initiating a pilot integration of DVT with SSV network here. So they're using eight node operators on the girly test net to do this. And they've successfully operating two well-performing distributed validators already. So very cool to see the biggest staking entity on Ethereum taking advantage of the DVT technology, because as I've described before, DVT allows us to have a healthier, more reliable, more decentralized beacon chain. And that's obviously what we want, right? And DVT also helps with things like centralized exchange staking. Now, as I've described before, if, for example, Coinbase has their obviously staking operation, but they use DVT, what could happen is that you would still retain basically full custody of your ETH that you're staking with them. And then at any time you could withdraw that from there, but they would still control the validator, obviously, they being Coinbase, but you could withdraw your ETH. So it eliminates that custody risk, but it also allows you, still allows you to outsource your validator responsibilities or duties to Coinbase. Now, of course, there is an element of, I mean, I don't know if I'd call it custody, but there is an element of risk there still, because obviously if Coinbase's validators get slashed or ETH is getting slashed, doesn't matter if you can withdraw it or not, it's going to get slashed, right? And you can also, if Coinbase's validators go offline yourself from an inactivity leak. But the whole point would be that you're able to basically retain that control over your funds, rather than giving it over to Coinbase, which is obviously very cool. It's very good for Coinbase as well. The less they have to custody, the better, and they can still offer the same service, right? They just have to run the DVT software instead. So very cool to see Lido doing a pilot program here with SSV network, one of the leaders in this space. I hope to see more and more of these DVT implementations go live over the coming months. All right, so speaking of dank sharding, Haim here has another great thread out today. It's a 30-part tweet thread talking all about dank sharding. They start off this thread by saying, from A to KZG, a comprehensive guide to the post-merge roadmap of the world computer. Proto-dank sharding, proposal builder separation, and dank sharding. So it covers the whole spectrum here. And as I said, it's a 30-part tweet thread, so you can go check this out. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. But I just wanted to highlight this for you guys, because I think it's very important to be aware of your own data. Be aware of these three things in particular, because they are three of the biggest upgrades coming to Ethereum over the next few years. And if you want to be at the forefront of Ethereum knowledge, well, this is where you want to be. All right, so Brantley here put out a great tweet thread about sign in with Ethereum today. Now, I've spoken about sign in with Ethereum a bunch on the refuel. It's basically the concept of using your Ethereum wallet to sign into anything on the internet. Basically, instead of signing in with Google, you sign in with Ethereum. That means passwordless sign in, your passwords, basically your private key. But it goes beyond that. It's not just simply a connect wallet, as Brantley says here. So the reason it goes beyond that is because, as you can see here in Brantley's thread, what is sign in with Ethereum? Well, let's say you want to use block scan chat. You can click the sign in button and you're presented with wallet options, just like connect wallet. But after you select your wallet provider, an extra step appears and you're asked to sign a message. We've all been asked to sign messages like this in the past, we're all pretty familiar with this interface. This message you're asked to sign is the core of sign in with Ethereum and doesn't happen with connect wallet. It might not seem like much, but the sign in with Ethereum standard is mostly just a standard of what goes in that message and took a lot of thought, discussion and debate. By signing the message, you prove you have your private key without revealing what it is, obviously. A server can then use that to match you to a user in their system. If that's too complicated, just know this, your private key basically acts as a login password to their servers, to whoever's server. So instead of these servers having to store passwords or store hashed versions of the passwords or anything like that, they don't have to do this at all. They can just say, okay, here, sign in with your Ethereum wallet, connect it, sign in and sign this message and then away you go. And then also on top of that, you have all of your user state as part of your Ethereum wallet. And this is in the context of other things I've talked about in the past as well, like something like a decentralized social media where you can take your social graph with you. It's so incredibly powerful and it flips the client server architecture on its head. It basically makes every client a server, really, at the end of the day, right? Not in the literal sense, but when you kind of think of it in the practical sense, you retain custody of all the important things. Yes, your data, your state is still living on the Ethereum blockchain. The Ethereum blockchain is your quote unquote server, but it's decentralized, it's open, it's not locked away in some walled garden. You can kind of bring that wherever you want. Maybe the better term would be like a portable server, so to speak, right? You can bring it wherever you want. You can sign in with Ethereum, you can sign whatever message you want and prove whatever you want. And then we take that to the next level with things like CISMO ZK badges, which I've talked about before, where you could prove yourself, like prove who you are to certain services without needing to reveal any of that information. And that service could have cryptographic proof that you are who you say you are thanks to that ZK badge. And this stuff, guys, is going to be so prevalent inside crypto, but also outside of it. You can already imagine the amount of use cases stuff like this has for things outside of crypto. And I think this is what a lot of people miss, is that we're not just developing this stuff for our niche little crypto corner, where we have degens doing degen things. No, we're developing this stuff for everyone, everywhere in the world. And a lot of this technology that we're developing, such as ZK, is going to have so many applications outside of crypto, outside of blockchain, outside of what we're used to in crypto, that I think a lot of people are going to be blown away by that. So don't miss the forest for the trees, so to speak, when it comes to this sort of stuff. There's definitely a lot happening. But yeah, you can go read Brantley's full Twitter thread. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so an interesting little, I guess, announcement from Starkware here today. So apparently, there is going to be a ZK EVM that is going to be written in Cairo called Kakarot. Now, for those of you who don't know, Kakarot is a reference to an anime called Dragon Ball Z. It's basically the name that Vegeta calls Goku in Dragon Ball Z. So basically, there's going to be a Twitter space with Vitalik, Eli Ben-Sassoon, one of the co-founders of Starkware, Shahar Pappini, and Abdal Hamid Bhaktar here, which all, I believe, work at Starkware except Vitalik. Yeah, yeah. And they're going to be talking about this new Kakarot ZK EVM. Now, what I find funny about this is that Starkware has generally been, maybe not against ZK EVM, but they've been signaling that they want to build something non-EVM as part of Starknet, which they're still doing, obviously. But it's cool to say that they're actually building ZK EVM as well. This is a very strong social signal from Starkware. I mean, the inventor of Starks, right, Eli is the ZK Stark co-inventor here. For them to come around to ZK EVM and actually see value in it, and actually want to promote it in their own language with being Cairo as well, is really, really cool. So this would be a ZK EVM written in Cairo. There's a Twitter account for it, a Kakarot ZK EVM here, which you can go check out. But yeah, and there's also this Twitter space, which I actually don't know what is happening. If I click through, maybe tell me tomorrow at 1 AM. So that's 1 AM my time. So you can work out whatever time that is for you, but basically it's happening tomorrow. Actually, no, no, no, wait. I'm recording this 11 PM, which means it's happening in two hours. Okay, so maybe it's already happened by the time you've watched the review. You can go check it out. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so Arbitrum announced today that there is a new Arbitrum Nova block explorer that's now live courtesy of Etherscan. So this is at nova.arbyscan.io. Now, for those of you who don't know, Arbitrum Nova is a separate network to Arbitrum 1. So Arbitrum 1 is the network that we've all used. We all know and love. It's a full, optimistic roll up on Ethereum. It's got all the defias we love on there, everything like that. Arbitrum Nova was created as a standalone, I guess, some people call it L2, some people don't. But Arbitrum Nova uses an off-chain data availability committee, right? It's not a roll up. And this is for Reddit's community points. It's very popular on the Arbitrum Nova network. But now with this block explorer, you can see how they're growing. So basically, you can actually see they've been growing quite well. Unique addresses keep trending up. They're at 166,000 so far in Arbitrum Nova. And daily transactions have also been creeping up as well here, which stand at about 30,000 on average, I think. Anywhere from 20,000 to 30,000 daily transactions. Obviously, nowhere near Ethereum mainnet or anything like that. But this is just Arbitrum Nova. I mean, I was looking at Arbitrum 1 before. And they're at like, I think, almost 500,000 transactions per day. And that's growing. So the growth is what we want to see. And the growth is what we are seeing. So I use AlbiScan a lot and OptiScan and all these different scans to keep up with how these networks are going. So I'm super excited to have one for Arbitrum Nova now. Because I think Arbitrum Nova is a pretty cool and important network that a lot of people are getting value out of. But in the future, maybe Arbitrum Nova just becomes a full roll up anyway. Because it becomes cheap to put data on Ethereum mainnet. You don't need to have an off-chain data availability community, which is very, very cool. Because that would automatically port all of that, I guess, network effect to a full roll up. All right, so Hop Protocol announced today their first liquidity mining program, which is now live. So liquidity providers in the bridge AMMs can now stake their LP tokens to earn Hop rewards in addition to the trading fees they were earning previously. And then they said, get ready for some very juicy rewards on single-sided asset exposure. Now, obviously, I don't know what the yields are right now. I don't have it handy on me. But there will be 2 million Hop that will be distributed to LPs per month. Since Hop is now a multi-chain token, the rewards can be claimed directly on each network that you are on. And of course, Hop tokens can also be bridged across L2s on Hop Protocol at minimal cost. This is going to be really awesome for Hop bridge liquidity, obviously, because there's going to be a lot of people that come into it to take advantage of the liquidity mining program and earn some Hop rewards. And we've seen how much of a flywheel effect that they can have when done right. And I think the Hop Protocol team, I mean, I've seen nothing but good things from them. They are a very, very strong team. They know what they're doing. It seems to be on the more conservative side with their liquidity mining program. And I think they have a lot of experience and a lot of knowledge on what's worked and what hasn't in the liquidity mining space. So I'm excited to see how they approach it and how it actually continues over time. But yeah, if you aren't interested in providing liquidity here, you can be sure to do so. You just have to go to the Hop website, but I'll link the update or this thread in the YouTube description below for you to check out. All right, so I came across this new service today called Harpy. And they basically announced themselves by saying, Sonic transaction is one of the scariest experiences in Web3. Am I signing the right thing? Is this website really open-sea? Did I just get rugged? Well, we're launching Harpy, the first crypto firewall to end fear and theft on chain. Now, the reason why this caught my eye especially is because of Fire that I've been talking about lately as well, like that extension that tells you exactly what's going on when you do a transaction on MetaMask. Harpy is similar in that it's trying to protect users from things like this. But I think what Harpy is doing is a bit different in that they're creating what they're calling a crypto firewall. So basically what you can do is, and you can enter the app here, and I haven't actually gone through the process yet. So I've connected my wallet, so I connected sasl.eth to this, and this is the onboarding process. So if I click continue, once I've connected my wallet, I say, okay, I use DeFi, I'll continue there. Then you go add apps to your trusted network. So I can add all these apps to my trusted network or remove them, sorry, deselect them and not include them. But I'm going to include everything right now and then continue. You can add friends to your trusted network as well. And then it'll show you here a summary of what you've done, and then you can create a dashboard. You've got to go to the terms of service. I'm signing a transaction in MetaMask here, just bear with me. And this is just setting up my firewall. And basically from my understanding, what this is going to do is it's only going to allow me to sign messages, or submit transactions from things that I've allowed through my firewall. So for those of you who know what a firewall looks like and what a firewall, kind of how a firewall works in the traditional sense, well, this should make sense to you. And it doesn't seem to have worked. So far it says, I'm not registered, get started, and it's going to make me go through the onboarding process again. All right, fair enough. Maybe it's just a bug, because as I said, this just came out today, I believe. But anyway, the concept is that you're going to firewall off yourself from accidentally interacting with something that isn't what it says it is, which I think is incredibly powerful because there's a lot of phishing sites out there. Say, for example, you go to a page, a Uniswap site, you think Uniswap is actually a phishing website, if you went to interact with that address or that smart contract, you wouldn't be able to. Harpy would block that. Harpy would tell you, hey, you're not interacting with real Uniswap, you're interacting with fake Uniswap, this is not part of your allowed apps. And that would save so many people from making these mistakes of interacting with these fake apps. That would save people so much money. And yeah, I mean, I see the absolute obvious use case here of something like this, and I'm really excited that this is out there. But this is more complimentary to Fire as well. So if you were using Fire and Harpy together, it'd be really cool because Fire will still tell you what's actually happening. Because at the end of the day, even though you're allowing things through the Harpy firewall, those things can still become compromised, right? There can still be a bug in that smart contract, which makes it compromised, which means that you may be interacting with something that is different to what you expect it to be, even though you've allowed it through the firewall. So those go hand in hand, which I think is pretty cool, but you can go check out Harpy for yourself. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so another service I came across today was something called Daylight. So Daylight tells you everything your wallet can do, such as minting of NFTs, airdrops, unlocks, votes, et cetera. Their free access NFT called Dawnpass lets you into their beta, and you can reply to the tweet with your ENS to get your account allowed listed, and then you can head to beta.daylight.xyz to check it out. Now, I have already connected my wallet here. I was already allowed listed because I replied with sasl.eth, and you can see here all the way it works. So basically, it'll show me my abilities. So what I can basically do right now, I can add different wallets to here. It's just sasl.eth right now. I can filter through what I want to see, like a type, whether it's a mint, airdrop, or whatever else, what community it's part of, and all that good stuff there. And then I can see updates, I can see a profile. The abilities is pretty cool because you can mark them as completed or dismiss them as well. So I can just say, okay, cool, I saw this mark as completed. I already did it, and then it'll mark it as completed there, and I can dismiss things like dismiss, right? This is really cool because I think it's taking... So what it's doing is there's a website out there, I can't remember what it's called right now, that allows you to see where you've actually got airdrops claimable on, and it's behind a paywall, of course, but it's actually a pretty good business model because it's worth you paying, I think it's like $10 or something, to reveal airdrops that are worth more than that. But this goes... daylight goes a step further than that, and it doesn't just show you airdrops, it shows you as much as it can, which I thought was really cool. So you can go check this out for yourself, I'll link it in the YouTube description below. I want to get through the last two updates here really quickly because I'm running out of time. 0x Project introduced their 0x Explorer today, which they're calling the most reliable and transparent tool to help developers and users verify transactions and analyze on-chain activity in an easy and low friction way on the 0x... protocol here. So it's at explorer.0x.org, looks very nice. They've had something similar to this in the past, I believe, but I think this is definitely an overhaul of that system, and you can go check this out for yourself. I'll link it in the YouTube description below, but just wanted to highlight that for you guys. And last up here is something that Polymarket has launched, called midterms.co, which they're calling the ultimate hub for midterms forecasts. So for those of you who don't know, the midterm elections are happening in the US next month, I believe early next month, there's obviously a lot on the line here because the Republicans could potentially flip the Senate here and the House to their control if they win, or the Democrats could hold on to control if they win, obviously. But if you want to bet on that, you can at midterms.co, it's powered by Polymarket. You can see the odds, you can see everything on here. Very, very cool little service. I've thought prediction markets are a cool thing for a while, they haven't really taken off just yet, but I think stuff like political betting and sports betting is definitely the ideal use case for prediction markets. And it's cool to see that they've spun up this midterms.co on Polymarket domain here in order to let you bet on the midterms. But I think that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.