 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Refuel, where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Sassano and today's the 7th of January 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So I think we're due for a bit of market talk. I haven't done one of these proper talks in a little while, so maybe spend the next 10-ish minutes talking about what's going on in the markets and why I think that if you're paying attention to what people are saying on crypto Twitter, it's probably not the best way to go about it. Maybe generally it's probably not the best way to go about it, but right now I'm just seeing like a lot of narratives being pushed by certain people and yeah, I think it's just not very healthy. But anyway, what's going on in the markets? Well, the price of ETH is not doing too well, right? It's at around 3200, it went down to 3100. Don't know what it's going to be by the time you watch this video, but at the time of recording that's what it's at. And you know, why is this happening? Well, I think it's got to do with the macro environment, the macro economic environment. And you may have heard this, you know, a bunch of times already from other people. And what exactly does this mean? Well, the kind of like main narrative right now that a lot of people are pushing, a lot of people kind of like talking about is this kind of like fed raising the interest rate. So the interest rates have been kind of like at rock bottom for a very long time now. Because of all the, you know, the COVID stuff happening, they kind of lowered rates there. They print, the US prints out a lot of money and now they want to kind of get the economy, you know, boosting again or boosted again. So they're thinking about raising rates between March and June. So essentially what speculators are doing is that they're pricing this into the markets. Now, interest rates going up are usually kind of like a bearish thing for risk on assets. Because why buy risk on assets when you can buy kind of like, you know, risk off bonds and things like that that are paying out a decent yield. And, you know, generally if you benchmark against the SPX or the S&P 500, that returns 8 to 10% a year. And you've got a bond that returns, you know, a decent amount. Not probably not that much, like, you know, but for less risk, then you go that way. But it also has on-flow effects where if interest rates go up, then people's kind of like interest, sorry, interest payable and their debt goes up as well. So they have less disposable money to invest in other things. And this isn't just for people, this is for companies and businesses that borrow money, all that sort of stuff. So it has a massive on-flow effect in the economy. And that's why you're seeing what you're seeing play out. Now, I'm not an expert on the macro environment or kind of like traditional finance at all. Like I definitely am not an authority on it. So take what I'm saying kind of like just as general knowledge. This is from my understanding of it. But I don't actually think that anyone really has like a solid grasp on the macro economic environment because it's very hard to have a solid grasp on it. There are so many moving parts to it. You're not just talking about one sector like you are with crypto. You're talking about like the global economy, right? Not just one economy, all of them. You're talking about the on-flow effects. You're talking about big economies like the US and the USD and things like that. So anyone who says that they can kind of like predict what's going to happen, they're lying. I don't think anyone could predict what's going to happen here. So why is this affecting crypto? Well, I think it's affecting crypto because crypto is so big now that if you do a Venn diagram and had like crypto investor in the middle, the left and right would be native crypto investors and traditional finance investors. Like there's just such an overlap now between these groups that these things kind of trade together, right? Because it's kind of like the same pool of money around. But also crypto already had like a really incredible run. You know, when you think about it and look at crypto in the context of just general markets, I mean, ETH was 80 bucks March 2020, right? We're coming up on March 2022. Hasn't even been two years and ETH is still at $3,200, which means it's done over a 30x, right? So if you look at it from that perspective, ETH is still doing extremely well. Now, obviously, if you look at it from a different perspective, it depends on the time, you know, time frame that you choose. If you look at a few months ago when ETH was almost $5,000 and you look at today, well, yes, ETH is down, it's not doing too hot. But over the longer term, ETH is doing incredibly well. And obviously, you know, going into the future, I expect ETH to continue to do incredibly well. But if you're looking short to medium term, it's kind of like a different picture. But it also depends on the asset you look at, like there's plenty of crypto assets out there that performed really well in the second half of 2021. And, you know, a lot of the Alt-L1s and FUELiD DeFi 2.0 projects, things like that, have performed really well. But then there's a bunch of them that performed really poorly and have gone down a lot in value. So if you just take kind of like, maybe an index of the top 10 cryptos, it would probably be down because they're the majors, right? But if you took an index of like the top 10 DeFi 2.0 projects, that will probably be up over the same timeframe there. So different sectors have kind of like different things going on. But one thing I've noticed is that it's really just the same money sloshing around. And that's why not everything's going up together. Because people that are kind of like chasing the Alt-L1 trade, they're just rotating between the different ones. There's not really a substantial amount of new money coming in. And it's just the same kind of like people playing the same game of musical chairs, essentially. Whereas before the May crash in 2021, there was a shit ton of new money coming in, right? But I think since then, any of the big amount of new money that has come in has actually gone into the private rounds. So you've seen all these kind of like funds raising massive kind of like rounds, like 2 billion or 2.5 billion, whatever it was for A16Z, Paradigm had billion dollar fund. There was a bunch of others out there. I would say that if you took all the funds and all the VCs and kind of like aggregated how much money they raise and have to deploy, it's probably over $10 billion. So instead of that money going into the public markets, it is going into the private markets, which is a whole different beast. And obviously with the private markets and with kind of like tokens that come in and when projects tokenize, there's a pretty big issue these days where the tokens get released, but they have a very low float and a very high fully diluted market cap. So for example, you may have a project that has a $10 billion fully diluted market cap, but they've only released 5% of their tokens so far, which means they've only got a $500 million market cap. Now, one of two things needs to happen, either the project is so amazing instead of earning so much revenue that it can actually hold that valuation in the face of constant token emission, or that fully diluted valuation is going to come down pretty brutally. And the only people winning in that investment are going to be the insiders, right? The VCs, the funds, the angels, all that sort of stuff there. And the losers are kind of like the retail investors. This has happened a lot of times. I mean, it's particularly prevalent in the Solana ecosystem where a lot of the projects were very heavily funded by insiders, had a really high fully diluted market cap, and then anyone who bought them when they went, you know, bought these tokens on public markets has been destroyed because as the investors get their tokens, they're sitting on like a massive multiple and they sell, right? They sell into this kind of like exit liquidity. And it's happened with Ethereum too, but I think just I'm using Solana as an example because it's happened for like the majority of the projects on that chain, which is crazy. And I'm not the only one kind of pointing this out. There's plenty of people pointing this out. So that's another kind of thing there where there's so much new capital that needs to come into this ecosystem to sustain those valuations as well. And it's just not happening. Like, as I said, I don't think there's actually been much new money coming into the public crypto markets. It's pretty much all gone to the private markets. And that's simply because we haven't really retaken all time high properly for like Bitcoin and ETH, right? They went to kind of new all time highs, but very, very briefly. I mean, I think it only lasts not even a week. That's not enough time. And they need to go into proper price discovery before we see, you know, a large amount of new money coming into these things. But on the contrary, you can argue that a lot of new money is actually going into things like NFTs, right? Where there's a lot of people coming into the crypto ecosystem, but are only interested in NFTs. They don't care about buying BTC or ETH or DeFi or anything like that. They just want to buy NFTs. They just want to buy Q profile pictures or whatever. They just want to kind of like buy art. And I think that, you know, that argument is pretty sound. I think there's definitely a lot of money heading into that as well. But there's also a lot of existing money that rotates out of things and into that too. So it's impossible to get like an accurate measure of this. You can't kind of like account for every dollar with an ecosystem and where it's going. But I strongly believe that we just haven't had a massive new amount of money coming in to the public markets. And it's just all been the rotators. And that's why we've seen, you know, basically everything kind of like down trending, except a few things that kind of pump based on a narrative. And then they just end up down trending as well. I mean, look at what happened like a few months ago. You know, there was Solana, Avalanche and Terra were having like, you know, like the thing everyone was talking about, right? Now having like really nice price movements and everything. But now these days, no one's really talking about them. People are calling them Boomer coins and they're pumping Cosmos and Nia. Like it's just, there's so much of these rotations going on because people want to find Alpha somewhere. They want to make money somewhere, but it's really hard to make money on anything if there's no new money coming in. And there's no kind of like new investors, you know, making the price go up. So if it's just people rotating in and out of things, then really your job as an investor, if you're trying to find Alpha and trying to make money is to be ahead of the pack and find that new kind of like game that's being played, that new meta game. I know a crypto Cobain or Coby wrote a blog post about this recently, but essentially it's finding that game before someone else does. And then kind of all for before, like the majority does getting in and just like sitting it out and waiting, that is not a great, sustainable long-term thing. You need new capital to come into the ecosystem. You need the pro the projects to actually be getting use and generating revenues. I mean, I would argue Ethereum still has that and like gas prices haven't gone down. If you're the Ethereum network is still generating a lot of fee revenue and obviously burning a lot of eighth because of it, layer twos are growing really nicely. I noticed Albatros actually uptaking lately due to a really popular NFT project on there called, I think it's called magic or treasure treasure.lol. And they've got a token called magic. So there's a lot of growth happening, but I think like just overall, the new money is just going to the private market. So there's that aspect too, but I really do think right now it's dependent on the macro environment. Crypto is still a very risk on environment, very risk on asset class. So if people are feeling bearish on stocks and bearish because Fed's going to raise rates, all this sort of stuff there, then the first thing they're going to probably sell off is their crypto assets rather than something like a stock or real estate or anything like that. So we'll see, it's only the first week or so of 2022 here. So I'm not going to, I don't think 2022 is a write-off or anything like that, or that it's not going to be a bullish year, but I do think we're going to keep seeing this trend play out of like subcategories, kind of like having their own little mini bull markets, bull and bear markets in between them. But I do think we need fresh capital coming into the public markets to sustain the valuations of a lot of these things. And I really hope that this trend of high fully diluted market cap coins slows down because it's really, really bad. Like it's especially bad for retail investors who have no idea what they're buying into. They get absolutely fleeced on these things. I would actually go as far to say is that these high fully diluted market cap coins are a cancer on this industry. And we should really all be kind of like rallying against them because at the end of the day, if all that happens is the insiders are taking all the money from the new entrance that keep coming in while the new entrance ran out of money, and then they just go away and they don't, you know, they don't keep investing in this ecosystem. They don't spend time in it. And this is, I don't know if I was talking about this on the refill. I was talking about it somewhere else where this is what happens in the professional poker scene where the professional poker plays, the more experienced ones, they kept fleecing noobs, right? They kept taking all the money from noobs. They, because they were just easy pickings. And then what ended up happening is that all the noobs ran out and it was just like the professionals against the professionals and the alpha was gone and they all got bored with it. That'll happen in crypto eventually, but I think crypto is a much bigger game. So it'll take longer. But I think these fully diluted coins where only the insiders make it out alive is a cancer on the space and we really need to do more to kind of like curb that. And I think as individuals, it's kind of like very hard. The best we can do is signal to teams that, you know, this is a really shitty practice and kind of like call it out. But at the end of the day, like I think it's up to VCs, funds, investors to also kind of like talk to these teams and be like, hey, let's structure your token in such a way that the community participates in the upside as well as kind of like the earlier investors. So we'll see. You know, I mean, I'm an early investor in projects as well, obviously, as you guys know, as an angel investor and I see a lot of this stuff going on, I see a lot of the different kind of like tokenomic designs and stuff. And some of them I look at and I'm just like, this is so bad. Like this is not going to be able to kind of like get a community going because the goal of a project should be to make the community rich and from the token, if the project does well and if the early community helps the project from early on, not make the community poor because if you make them poor, then they're not going to care about your project anymore. It doesn't matter how good it is. We've seen these play out plenty of times with a bunch of projects and we'll probably continue to see it play out in the future. But yeah, anyway, I'm going to leave it there for the market talk for today. That's generally just my outlook right now. As I said, still bullish, but kind of like cautiously optimistic around what's happening in the macro environments. No one can really predict what's going to happen there. If the Fed does raise rates a little bit, I don't know if that's like Uber, Uber bearish for everything. I think like there's only so much of a room they have as well. Just give given like how weird that environment is, especially with all the money that they printed over the last 18, 24 months. But we'll have to see. We'll have to see what happens there. And definitely there are more informed macro people out there. You can seek them out. I don't have any names at the top of my head, but you should definitely give, you know, read them and see what they're talking about as well. And just kind of like do your own research on all that too. But anyway, leaving it at that, moving on. So Ben Edgington said that there's no new what's new in eighth two this week, unfortunately, but he has a different trait from us. So here is the first cut of the chapter on incentives for Ben's upgrading Ethereum book. The working title is carrots and sticks and sudden death. So if you want to kind of like read a sneak peek into this upgrading Ethereum book for essentially the first cut of the incentive chapter, you can check this out. But there's also a bunch of others here as well. I mean, you can, this is the incentive chapter, and then you can kind of like click into staking balances, issuance rewards, penalties, all the other kind of like things about Ethereum here. This book is mainly about like Ethereum 2.0 and kind of like the beacon chain, stuff like that and things going further than that. So you can definitely check this out for information on that. And there's also annotated specifications here too, if you're interested in that. And he's going to obviously fill out the book with more things to read as time goes on too. So I'm very much looking forward to this book being completed and giving it a read. And I think there's going to be a lot of cool alpha in here and a lot of cool kind of like information that you may not have come across before there. So yeah, definitely go check this out. So SuperFizz reminds us all today that after the merge, you will be required to run a local execution, aka ETH1 client, and you will no longer be a successful staker using services like Infura and Alchemy. So it might be best to prepare for this now. So essentially what this means is that today, ETH2 stakers can set up their beacon node, their validator, and then talk to an ETH1 node that isn't theirs, right? They can talk to Infura or Alchemy or any other ETH1 node that is publicly accessible, and they don't have to run their own. After the merge happens, you can no longer do this. You have to run your own ETH1 node as well. So if you are an ETH2 staker today, you should prepare for this. And really the best way to prepare for this is make sure you have enough solid state drive space. That's really the biggest requirement for running an ETH1 node. It's not too demanding in terms of a PC. Your staking box that you have already, your existing staking box should be able to handle it unless it's something like a Raspberry Pi. I know that there's been some ETH1 full node clients run on Raspberry Pis, but I don't know how it would fare running kind of like both. But yeah, if you have like kind of a normal dedicated PC, it should be fine. You're just going to make sure you have enough solid state drive space for everything. And you know, solid state drives are super cheap these days. Like I'm actually, I've got a little bit of an addiction to buying both hard drives and solid state drives. I have like home servers that I have all my stuff on. So yeah, I know how cheap they are these days and there's always deals on them. So it shouldn't be too much to get like a few terabytes worth of solid state drives, just to future-proof yourself, you know, way into the future. But yeah, it's definitely something for you to consider. Go check out this blog post on Reddit for more information about this too. So Bitdao announced today a new proposal for the Matter Labs, aka ZK Sync and Murana here, which is a venture firm called the ZK Endowment. So this proposal creates and funds a community-owned ZK Sync ecosystem accelerator with $200 million that helps bootstrap the ZK Sync ecosystem, empowers builders and enables the fractal growth of Bitdao and all DAOs. So this is really cool. DAO kind of getting involved in building out an ecosystem here with a $200 million with a $200 million proposal. ZK, I mean, ZK Sync, the other L2s, everything like that, they're going to need to do this. As I've been discussing before about how to bootstrap these L2 ecosystems, they can do liquidity mining. That's all well and good, but they also need to not, you know, maybe with their tokens, maybe, you know, without their tokens, but they need to incentivize people to build on them as well because if people don't build on them, then there's really nothing for the kind of like people to come and use and there's no point having liquidity mining on there if there's not much for people to do. So I think that when these L2s do tokens, I actually think the best thing they can do is, you know, create these kind of massive endowments or massive kind of like funding pools that builders can tap into. And this is something that Polygon's done very well with their kind of like massive pool that they're paying out to builders in kind of like Matic tokens. And I think that the same could be done for every L2. So this is just kind of like the start here with the $200 million from Bitdout here for ZKSync. I'm sure there's going to be billions of dollars thrown at these L2s over the years, thrown at the builders, thrown at liquidity mining, just anything to kind of like get this adoption going because as I've said before, you need to be able to kind of like bootstrap the ecosystem to a point where you've got like a solid kind of like sticky liquidity, sticky user base, and they can kind of like perpetuate from there. But it's kind of like a chicken and egg problem at the start. But I think that the token incentives or just like monetary incentives in general are the best way to do it. I mean, I think that the only way to do it, to be honest, like even if it comes from the application layer, like as I mentioned before, there's a new project on newer project, not brand new on Arbitrum, NFT marketplace called Treasure.LOL. And it's got a native token magic. And I think it did more volume than any other marketplace except OpenSea. And that's on Arbitrum, right? Like, and you can go check out the stats. You can go check out everything. That's really, really cool. So I think more of that is how we get like the mass adoption of these L2s. And it doesn't require much. It just requires kind of like a bit of product market fit, bit of incentives and a bit of marketing around it and some kind of like nice funds around it. And we should be able to get that all bootstrapped there. But yeah, really, really cool to see this from Bitdow. So the index co-op has a new project. So they've announced the Bankless DeFi Innovation Index with the ticker GMI or gonna make it, I'm assuming. So that's really cool. So GMI, as they described it here, gives everyone a chance to invest in DeFi innovation on a rolling basis, initially including 12 fantastic protocols built on set protocol contracts. So the protocols that are in this index include Tribe, FLX, or I should say tokens, Tribe, FLX, ALCX, TOK, RBN, NPL, DPX, DYDX, Spell, GEOM, PERP and CVX. So this is distinctly different to the DPI, the DeFi Pulse Index, because the DPI has a lot of the bigger DeFi kind of like tokens in them. A lot of the probably like old school or DeFi 1.0, whatever you want to call them. Whereas the GMI has a lot of the kind of like DeFi 2.0 or DGen kind of, I guess, like tokens in it. So as I mentioned, the name's just there before, which is really cool because when it comes to like these index products, it needs to be a kind of decision because I know there's a lot of people who don't really want to hold things like MKR and COMP and kind of like maybe even UNI and stuff like that. But they want to hold like the New Age DeFi tokens, and this gives them the choice to do that. And I'm kind of like on the fence about this because I really do think that the DeFi 1.0 tokens are like, a few of them are severely undervalued given how much kind of like cash flow they generate, given how much growth prospects they still have, given how long they've been around for and how secure they are and how trusted they are and the fact that they've still got product market fit after all this time. Not to say that all the projects in this GMI index are bad or anything, but a lot of them still have to prove out their product market fit over the longer term. A lot of them are a lot riskier. A lot of them don't have as much growth, but because they have kind of like the marketing, the narrative, the means behind them, people purchase them instead of the other ones. And I'm not saying this because I have kind of exposure to the DeFi 1.0 tokens. I actually really don't, to be honest. I don't really hold much DeFi tokens these days. But I think when you kind of look at it from that perspective, I think it's a good way of saying kind of like what the participants are in the DeFi markets. And I think it's still very retail driven. But in that case, having an index products like this for them to choose from is very, very healthy. So you can go check out the GMI index in this thread. I'll link it in the YouTube description and you can watch this teaser video here, which I thought was really cool. It's got a bunch of the faces of these protocols kind of like photoshopped onto some people riding a roller coaster here, which I thought was quite funny. So speaking of DeFi 1.0 protocols, I guess Uniswap still falls into that bucket, even though Uniswap is kind of like the biggest DeFi protocol out there, at least one of the biggest. Haden put out this tweet, I think it was a couple of days ago now actually, where he said in 2021, Uniswap LPs made $1.6 billion in revenue. That's more than any DAP, DeFi protocol, L1 network or L2 network aside from Ethereum. The King and six other projects on this list are direct V2 forks. So you can see this list here, like how far ahead Ethereum is in terms of like total revenue made for 2021. Ethereum is at $10 billion and Uniswap is at $1.6 billion in second place. But then you can kind of like go down the list and see a bunch of other networks here and a bunch of other applications. Axie Infinity had a big year, $1.3 billion. OpenSea, $1.2 billion. Bitcoin, $1 billion. And then you just go down the longer kind of like list here of protocols. I wrote the Daily Green newsletter about this today and the kind of like theme that I kind of touched on was the fact that there are so many protocols that have insanely cheap price to earnings ratios because of the fact that the market is still so immature and it trades based on like marketing and narratives and memes instead of kind of like fundamentals. I still think ETH trades like this, which is ridiculous to me. I mean, if you think about the Ethereum network as a perpetual buyer of ETH because of the ETH that it gets burned and you kind of like look at the PE ratio of ETH, which I've argued before that the PE ratio of native tokens, especially money, is kind of like not the greatest measure. But when you look at it for ETH, it's like super discounted. And the fact that like we, I mean, we didn't burn $10 billion worth of ETH. We've burned, I think, over $5 billion at this point worth of ETH so far. And you look at that and you look at the fact that no matter if the market is bullish or bearish, the Ethereum network still processes tens of millions of dollars worth of ETH on your every day. And it's going directly to ETH holders. I don't know. Like I just, the market is so dumb guys. Like I'm actually so surprised that ETH is not doing better to be honest. Like I think that the market overall is just so dumb because it's based on narratives and memes. So many people are chasing these alt L1s instead of kind of like keeping their money in ETH, which is fine. I mean, I get it. People want to trade, speculate, but I don't think it's going to last like that forever. I do think that one day there's just going to be a reckoning and kind of like people are going to try and pile into ETH. And there's just going to be not much for them to buy because of the fact that there's this burn. Once the merge happens, there's going to be that triple half. And you know, all the stuff that I always talk about, I don't know when I, when I kind of look at this sort of stuff, I'm just like, until, and I believe until ETH is worth like much more than these other L1s based on kind of like its fundamentals and its usage, the market is still incredibly inefficient and incredibly dumb, to be honest. And especially when it comes to other things, I mean, looking at kind of like other protocols and the money that they're making, that's not a lot of them have low, low price to earnings ratios too. And a lot of them have like very, very high price to earnings ratios for the amount of money that they earn. I mean, there are a lot of L1s out there that earn hardly any in terms of fee revenue. And even if they have a fee burn and they're worth like a lot, and obviously that's a speculative premium, markets are forward looking, but it's a lot to do with marketing narratives and memes rather than fundamentals. But yeah, anyway, cool to see Uniswap doing so well. Obviously this revenue doesn't go to uni holders. It only goes to liquidity providers. And this is the difference between protocol revenue and kind of like, sorry, sales and earnings. So the protocol isn't earning anything, but like the Uniswap LPs are. So that's kind of like the main difference there. And I think when you look at that, you can kind of like understand why a lot of people don't want to buy the uni token. It's still worth a lot, right? But like the fees going to kind of like the token holders can be activated sometime in the future. And that's what kind of like it's trading based on as well. I don't know if that's going to happen or not, but it could happen there. But anyway, interesting tweet from Hayden here. Last couple of things to get through a screenshot here from this person called Chelsea showing basically what it looked like to log in with Web1. You had a username and password. Web2 was like signing with Google, signing with Facebook, signing with Twitter. Web3 is connect wallet or sign in with Ethereum as we've kind of like seen before. I think this is kind of like what I'm most excited about when it comes to Web3, because when connecting with kind of like a wallet, as I've said before, you retain kind of like full ownership of your credentials, right? Just your private care, you sign into a platform with your wallet, and then you get to kind of like connect and bring your data with you and bring your financial stuff with you. I mean, the kind of like the use cases here are endless. There's things with CISMO, with the sign in with Ethereum effort, with ENS. It's just, we've only really scratched the surface of what connect wallet or sign in with Ethereum can look like. And I'm really, really excited to see what other kind of like use cases can come to the forefront here, because I think that it's just such a better experience than signing with Google or signing with Facebook, because you get to keep your own data, you get to take it with you, you're not beholden to any centralized entity. And it's not just your kind of like personal data, but it's also kind of like your financial data and also allows you to kind of like have everything in one place as well. So that's super exciting. And I just thought this was a really cool kind of little visualization here. And the last thing to talk about was this GitHub repo from Miguel, who introduced what's called Little Web 3, which is simple, intentionally limited, but fully tested versions of Web3. We have three protocols and apps. So there's little protocols for ENS, OpenSea, Fractional, JuiceBox, FlashLoan, Gnosis, and more coming soon. So if you're a developer, definitely go check this out, fork the code, play around with it. This is really cool. It got a lot of engagement here. So I think the developers are pretty happy with this and think it's really, really cool. And Miguel says he's a 19 year old maker here. That is really, really cool. I love when I say like super young developers getting involved within crypto, because you just know they're going to kill it. They're just so driven and so excited to kind of like build on this stuff and build really cool things. So definitely really, really cool to see that. So as I said, if you're a developer, definitely go check this out. But I think that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all next week. Thanks, everyone.