 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Sassano and today's the 10th of January 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So there was this blog post from the founder of Signal that was going around over the weekend. The founder's name is Moxie here, where he wrote about his first impressions of Web3. So here's the kind of like blog post here. I'm sure a lot of you have read it. It was a sobering view. It was good to get someone else's view of the kind of like crypto Web3 ecosystem that isn't actually, you know, a Web3 person. Like he's coming obviously from the Web2 world and it was good to get criticisms that weren't just like really just like plain FUD, right? Like actual kind of like informed criticisms. And he seems to really get what's going on in the ecosystem. So I really appreciated that. Now really what I think most of the post boiled down to is that he, I mean he touched on this as well, but like while I was reading it, all I could think of was, okay, like all these criticisms, while they may be valid, it's kind of like criticizing the tech as it is today and not what the tech can be in the future. And he actually brought that up. You know, he said that, whereas in some part of the blog post, he said, it's early days still is the most common refrain I see from people in the Web3 space when discussing matters like these. And then he goes, I think he mentioned that, you know, it's already been like over 10 years and these problems still exist. And a lot of the problems were like using kind of centralized infrastructure providers like Infura and Alchemy using a centralized front ends. Right. I mean, he has a point there. Like most of us, we use MetaMask with a centralized RPC, something like Infura or Alchemy. And if you don't know what that means, basically what ends up happening is when you create, you know, when you use MetaMask, the default RPC for the Ethereum main net is Infura. Now, what that means is that whenever you send a transactional signer transaction, it'll go to Infura's kind of like servers or full nodes to relay that onto the Ethereum network. If you want to do it on your own, you can, you'd have to change your RPC and run your own Ethereum full node. That basically gives you like the full security of the Ethereum network and full decentralization of it. But as long as you're using a third party, Infura could essentially censor you. They could just drop your transaction, right? They could basically reject it and your transaction will never get included. I don't think that there's ever been instances of them doing this or any other kind of like service provider doing this, but they still could, right? It doesn't matter that they haven't. What matters is that they could do that. So I thought that was a kind of like a pretty decent criticism there. And that's like definitely something that we need to work on. I know there's a few projects out there tackling this like Pocked Network. They've got a token, but it only trades OTC. I'm pretty sure you can't buy it on public markets, but they're trying to do distributed kind of like node infrastructure where instead of you just connecting to Infura, you connect it to kind of like a distributed set of nodes. And that way it just becomes more arguably more decentralized and secure than using a centralized service. So that was kind of like one criticism that I agree with. NFTs, he criticized those as well, saying that basically it's completely centralized. It's just a lot of these images, a lot of these URLs and hashes and things like that are just stored on centralized servers instead of on chain. And they are like that's a legit criticism, right? I know some of them utilize IPFS and Rweave and some other kind of like decentralized storage protocols, but for the most part, they're stored on open sea servers or stored on someone else's server. And if that server was to go down, you would lose the image of that NFT. And all you would be left with is kind of like the NFT on chain. It wouldn't really be worth much, right? So kind of like from that perspective, I get that as well. But again, it all goes back to what I was saying earlier about how these criticisms are just criticizing the way it is today and don't necessarily apply to the way it is going to be in the future. There are plenty of people working on projects to, or working on things to kind of like rectify a lot of these issues, especially around the centralization of front ends of infrastructure providers of kind of like marketplaces like open sea, obviously in the NFT system is extremely centralized and it's 97% of the NFT market. We need to kind of like work to fix that. And it's actually an NFT project that launched today. It's trying to do a decentralized open sea called Looks Rare. There's an airdrop and things for it. They're doing like a vampire attack on open sea. But yeah, these things are coming. Like it is really still early days. And I don't know why he expects us to be much further along, a bit over 10 years into this ecosystem, because if you actually break it down, yeah, okay, Bitcoin came out in like 2009, but that's Bitcoin, right? Like if we're looking at the smart contract revolution, you could say Ethereum launched in mid 2015, but it didn't really kind of like take off or kind of reach a point where it actually became like something that people looked at in a serious way until 2017. And then even then I would argue, it didn't really take off very much. I would say that when Ethereum smart contract, blockchains, things like that started actually being viewed as something serious and something that would actually disrupt traditional industries is DeFi. And that didn't really take off till 2020, right? Like it existed, but it didn't really kind of like hit the mainstream kind of like, not mainstream, but like, you know, the crypto kind of like hive mind until 2020. And then we had NFTs in 2021, which kind of like hit the mainstream too. So if we look at it from that perspective, really in terms of like, they're being money for these sorts of things, they're being interested, being kind of like human capital in this ecosystem, you could make the argument that that started happening in 2019, but I would say that 2020 really was the turning point. So I think up until 2020, it was just really slow, super early adopter, innovator growth. There wasn't that much money floating around and it was kind of like hard to get things done because the human capital wasn't there either. But now since basically the start of this bull market in early 2020, around kind of like March, I guess, there's been a massive amount of money that's floating to this ecosystem, massive amount of funding, massive amount of human capital. A lot more things got built. Like, you know, 100X or even 1000X more things got built in the last two years and adopted in the last two years than in the previous 10. So when you look at it from that perspective, I would argue that we haven't even begun yet. And I would argue that we're making amazing progress for how short of a time span has really been. And obviously, things like Ethereum 2.0 have been coming for a very long time as well. And we're kind of like going through the motions of that as well. Two, things like decentralized storage have only really been coming out recently. I mean, Filecoin only launched last year, I think it was. Yeah, and Arweave as well and things like that and POC network, all that sort of stuff. Very early days still. So I don't really agree with him saying that people saying it's early days are wrong because it's already been a while. I really do think it's still early days. And I think, hey, let's revisit this in five years. We don't have to wait another 10 years. Let's revisit this in five years and see how many of his criticisms about Web3 are still relevant because I think most of them won't be anymore. I think we will have worked with some really, really cool and innovative ideas to get us to a kind of like a more decentralized ecosystem. And I think it's going to be a lot better. Now, the final thing I wanted to kind of like say about this was about decentralization in general and how I've written a newsletter about this before in the past. But essentially, centralization is like this pull, right? There's this thing that keeps pulling people towards it because centralization, it's very, very easy to do, right? All the issues that we have within crypto today could be solved 100% if we just centralized it. The scalability issues, the privacy issues, the throughput issues, the kind of like front end, the centralized front end issues, all that sort of stuff. They could be instantly solved if we just centralized everything. But obviously, the whole point is that we're trying to unbundle all of that that was done in Web2 and all of that that was done in traditional finance and create a truly decentralized ecosystem, which is really, really hard. There's a reason why most things are centralized because it's super easy for them to centralize. And there's a reason the internet centralized around kind of like the server client model where there was just like these massive servers that kind of serviced all these clients. It's because it's just easy. Like, you know, people don't want to run their own server. I get that. But on the other end of the spectrum for the longest time and still to this day, there's not really a way for people to run their own kind of like servers. Their bandwidth cap, which is a huge thing, upload speeds are pathetic most of the time for most people. It's just really hard for them to do it. So they kind of like outsource it to these massive data centers. Whereas now with crypto, we have a way to kind of like do this in, you know, even though there's limits in place, we have a way to kind of like turn this on its head by using things like ZK cryptography, which from what I can tell, has much more applications than just scalability, right? In terms of blockchain scalability. It allows us to scale kind of like web to ask things in a really cool way as well. So I think when you view it that kind of like that, from that perspective, it's just going to take time to decentralize these things. And I think that users, once they understand the implications of decentralization and security, once we make it easy for them to choose the decentralization path instead of the centralization one, or instead of the centralized one, I think they'll make that kind of like choice. Because at the end of the day, it's all about kind of making it easy for users to do things like, and this goes back to what I was saying about kind of centralization, centralization around inferior and alchemy and other service providers. This is actually mostly because we don't have good light client infrastructure. Now, what light clients allow you to do is you're not, it means you wouldn't have to run a full node to kind of like relay your transactions, or at least verify that your transactions are correct and verify that what you're talking to is the correct chain and all that sort of stuff. But I'm not going to go into that for now. So yeah, I mean, give this blog post a read. As I said, it's actually really good. And I think the criticisms are fair. But what I think it's kind of like doing is just, it's kind of like criticizing us for saying it's too early, but that's actually the reason that a lot of these criticisms hold today is because it is really early. We've really just scratched the surface of this. NFTs have really only been around for the last year in terms of kind of like in a big way. Yes, they've been around for longer than that, but in terms of taking off in a big way to the last year, and we're going to see how it evolves over the next four years if the marketplaces decentralized, if the infrastructure providers decentralized, which I think they will. But yeah, anyway, go give this post a read. Moving on to some other things. So in the AMA that the Ethereum Foundation did, Vitalik gave an argument about why he believes the future will be multi-chain, but it will not be cross-chain. Because, and he goes on to say, there are fundamental limits to the security of bridges that hop across multiple zones of sovereignty. Now, I'm not going to read out this whole kind of response here. You can read it. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. But the TLDR is that basically what I've been saying to you guys for the last few months about how bridges work. Your bridge is only as good as it's kind of like weakest validator set. Now, what do I mean by that? Well, if you bridge from Ethereum to say the Avalanche sea chain, well, you no longer have Ethereum security because the Avalanche sea chain is not a layer two of Ethereum. What you now have is basically your funds locked on the Ethereum side in the bridge contract. The IOU gets minted on the Avalanche sea chain. Now, if something happens to those funds on the Avalanche sea chain, those funds on Ethereum can potentially be stuck forever because you can't get them back without going back from the Avalanche sea chain. So essentially, you are basically at the mercy of that security. Now, that happens for basically any side chain out there, anything that's not a layer two, anything that doesn't store its data and its transaction proof on Ethereum, so anything that really isn't a roll up, is going to have the same issue. Whereas, and then this is where Vitalik breaks it down into multi chain and cross chain. That's a cross chain example. Multi chain, I know people have been saying multi chain is the future and things like that, and by saying that they refer to Ethereum, Solana, Avalanche, whatever other chains and them coming out like Terra, all those sorts of things. But really, that's kind of like cross chain. Multi chain is layers built on top of Ethereum and inheriting Ethereum security. So when it comes to arbitrum and optimism, for example, this is an example of roll ups that we've all used. When they're in the kind of like end state and they don't have centralized controls and training wheels in place, they essentially are only at the mercy of Ethereum security. So you get Ethereum's full security. There are no kind of like centralized gatekeepers, there's no centralized keys anymore. Once they're in there, they're kind of like end state. And essentially what happens is that that's a true kind of like multi chain feature there. So I think I agree with Vitalik that the future will be multi chain but will not be cross chain. But I actually agree with him for different reasons. His reasons are all about security, which I understand and kind of like agree with to an extent. But at the same time, I don't think that everything needs the security of Ethereum. I don't think that everyone wants to be beholden to Ethereum layer one security. I think that there are people out there, teams out there that want to build their own self sovereign chains and that's totally fine. The thing is, is that those chains can be built and then they can talk to Ethereum anyway. They already do. They're called side chains, right? Let me refer to them as side chains. Now, is that a good or bad thing? I don't know. I don't think it's a bad thing. I don't know if it's a good thing depending on the use case, right? Like if you build your own kind of like chain and you call it like the DeFi chain and it's super like, it's super scalable, but really like super insecure compared to Ethereum and you amass like billions of dollars in TVL, should you have been a roll up instead? I would argue yes. But is your side chain something got to do with like low value NFTs or gaming or something like that? Maybe a kind of like putting kind of games on a side chain and it doesn't really matter too much because there's not much, there's not that kind of like high value economic activity on there. Then maybe it makes sense. But I would also argue that roll up technology is going to obsolete side chains anyway, like especially ZK roll up technology from, you know, in the, in the, in the far future, probably not anytime soon in terms of kind of like completely obsoleting it. But, but I do think it will just from a pure kind of like scalability perspective, not even just, not even a security perspective, just like it's going to be more scalable. It's going to be easier to develop with. It's going to be better. It's going to be faster. Users are going to enjoy the experience more. But yeah, anyway, I thought this was just like an interesting argument from Vitalik. You can read his full thing. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. But yeah, my view on it is that I agree with him to an extent, but I also believe that people will still kind of spin up their own chains, whether they be kind of like chains that bond themselves to Ethereum in some way, like the Polygon PLS chain, which kind of like is a commit chain that bonds itself to Ethereum layer one, whether it's a roll up, whether it's some other kind of construction that people come up with. I do think there's always going to be people that want to do that. But I think that the, the total adjustable market for those sorts of things is very low compared to the total adjustable market for things like roll ups, because when you create your own self sovereign chain, you have to bootstrap your own value chain. You have to bootstrap your own validator set, which isn't, I mean, I wouldn't say it's, it's like the hardest thing in the world, but it's kind of like, it's a mess, right? Like coming to consensus on things, making sure the chain stays in consensus. It's, it's actually not easy, right? Like there's only, there's only a certain amount of people who can, who can kind of like do that and maintain that. And even if you fork an existing implementation, the problem with doing that is that if you're an inexperienced developer and you fork something that you don't understand and you start making changes to it, that becomes very, very messy from that perspective as well. So yeah, I mean, my TLDR is that yes, multi-chain is the best path forward with roll ups and such, but I do believe cross-chain is still going to persist regardless of the security concerns. All right, so we have an update on the Kintsugi merge test net. So it broke, they managed to break it, which is good. It's what we want to happen on test nets. So the TLDR is that some clients did not check if the block hash passed in an execution payload, matches the block hash of the block after construction, which means that I'm pretty sure there was a network split on the Kintsugi test net here. Now there's kind of like a full breakdown in this thread from Marius here, but I mean, this is good. Like I know people kind of like see this and like, oh crap, a test net broke. Does that mean it's going to delay the merge or something like that? I don't think so. I'm actually still pretty confident in like a Q2, even a June kind of merge to merge kind of date here. I am from everything that I'm seeing, they're making incredible progress and a test net breaking, especially a test net breaking with on, on, with a network split is really, really good because we don't want this happening on main net, right? We want this happening on the test net. So as long as it happens on, on a test net, we can kind of diagnose the issue and then make sure it doesn't happen on main net, which is obviously the whole point. But yeah, I'm still feeling pretty confident. So I don't think that these sorts of things are going to lead to a quote unquote delay of the merge. Not that there's been any kind of like official date given out there, but believe me when I tell you that the core devs, they have, I don't, from my kind of like impression from and you know, this is not all the core days, but the ones that I talked to the devs and the researchers, they have never been more excited about something in the, in Ethereum ever. Like this is, this is kind of like the most exciting thing. And I honestly, I think it's justified because we're finally moving to proof of stake after how many years it is an absolutely massive undertaking. It's getting all the core devs and researchers in the same room to work together. It is something that is going to obviously get Ethereum off proof of work, which is something that a lot of people have an issue with. It's just such a major upgrade that it's hard not to feel like it's the biggest thing that you'll do. Maybe not, maybe, maybe in Ethereum and maybe even in your life, like some of these people, right? This is their legacy making, you know merging a $500 billion or $400 billion now network with, with kind of like another network and making sure that everything runs smoothly in an adversarial environment as well. So yeah, I think that it's justified to be excited there. I'm, I'm super excited obviously, but the way I play it is I try not to get too ahead of myself until it actually kind of like is in, is in view, right? Because like, well, you know, you guys know what happened with 1559. I mean, it took forever for it to get to main. And I remember being excited about that at the start of January, sorry, the start of 2019 and then it didn't happen until August, 2020. So sorry, August, 2021, not 2020. So, you know, over two and a half years later, it's, and I was excited that whole time. So I try not to get ahead of myself too much here, but it's, it's close. I mean, we're in January. If it happens by June, it's only a few months away guys. So very, very exciting. But yeah, I'm curious to see what other test nets get spun up here. And if any of them break, because if they don't break, you know, and no matter what we kind of like throw at them, if they're running all well and good, then we can move on to the main net pretty, you know, pretty, pretty, pretty soon, which is really, really cool. So Optimism have reduced their fees on their layer two network. So they basically fixed overhead fees was reduced from 2750 L1 gas to 2100 L1 gas and dynamic overhead was reduced from 1.5 X to 1.24 X fancy numbers. But what do they mean? Transactions are now about 30% cheaper on average. That's awesome. Like, I mean, I've been telling you guys that these roll-ups are nowhere near their final form. They're going to keep getting exponentially better from here. They're going to get much cheaper. Arbitrum still has nitro coming, which I'm assuming is going to be a similar reduction in fees, if not more of a reduction in fees than this, because nitro is a pretty big upgrade there. But yeah, 30% cheaper transactions on Optimism. I'll take that. That's a very, very good deal. And, you know, as I said, like this is not even close to their final form. They can still do more from here. They can still do core data compression. And when they get more kind of like data availability space with things like sharding and then ERP4488, when that kind of gets put in place for a cheaper core data on layer one Ethereum, that reduces it even more. And, you know, I wrote today's newsletter about this, and in the newsletter I focused on what the sweet spot is for transaction fees. I actually think that there isn't really a one-size-fits-all sweet spot because it depends on the transaction that you're doing. And the example I gave in the newsletter was basically if you're a user with $1,000, right, and you've got an airdrop worth $1,000, well, you're happy to pay $100 worth of fees to claim and sell that airdrop fee, right? Because you've just gotten a free $900 after fees. But if you're a user that has $1,000 and you want to put that into a stablecoin yield farm and the fee is $50 and the stablecoin yield farm is giving you a 10% APY, well, you're going to have to wait six months just to break even on your gas fee, right, because you paid 5% in fees. And that 10% is variable. It's not a fixed rate either. Well, a lot of the time, you know, you can get fixed rates. But so from that perspective, it depends on the context of the transaction, but it also depends on not just the person's kind of like wealth, but kind of like where they are in the world as well and kind of like what the tax implications are. There's so much that goes into it. But after thinking about it for a while, I figured that the sweet spot that would cover like most users, but not on what transaction they're doing, just like as a generalized thing, would be between $0.10 and $1, right, for a transaction fee. Now, when you kind of like think about that, you've got to think about, okay, what parts of the world is that justified in? It's really only justified in the kind of like first world parts of the world and maybe even just the middle class because, you know, it's kind of like hard to think about it from another person's perspective unless you talk to them. And I've spoken to a few people about this. Like if you're kind of like middle class, it's very, very hard to know what it's like to be poor, right, unless you've been poor already. So you can't kind of like say, oh, yeah, a dollar, that's whatever. A dollar to you is very different to a dollar to someone else. And it depends on the kind of like wealth scale where you are there. So I think there's another solution to this, not just kind of like, I mean, people are going to pay the fee that they're happy to pay at the end of the day. But I think that, yeah, $0.10 to a dollar is like a sweet spot for most people in kind of like the first world. It depends on the frequency of transactions that people are doing. And obviously it depends on the transaction that they're doing as well because it depends on the profit that they're getting from that. If you're kind of making a trade for an asset that you expect to go up like 5x or something like that, well, then you don't mind paying even a $50 fee depending on the size of the transaction there. But then also there's another option. The option, and this extends to kind of like layer two, it's not really layer one fees. This is all kind of like in the context of layer twos. The other option is the layer two actually subsidizing the fee cost for the users because they've gotten it down to such a place that it actually becomes economically viable for them to do that. And there's a few ways to do this. There's already examples of this. DYDX is already doing it because there are obviously a ZK roll up. They make trading fees on their exchange and using some of that revenue, they pay the layer one gas fees. So users never play gas fees, but users are still paying fees. They're paying trading fees. There's no free lunch. Like even when you're kind of on these other cheaper chains, you're still paying trading fees. And then this bridges into the psychology of fees, which is related to the fees being subsidized because the psychology of fees is this. Obviously on Ethereum L1, MetaMask tells you the different... And on layer two, MetaMask will tell you this is the transaction value and this is the fee value as two separate line items. But imagine if that was baked in because no one bats an eye at the 0.3% Uniswap fee. Like no one even thinks about that. I've never seen anyone talk about that. Never seen anyone complain about that. Just like people don't really talk too much about centralized exchange fees unless they're prohibitive, right? Because they're built in to the prices. They're kind of like built into the transaction that you're doing. So imagine a world where the gas fee was built into the actual price and not shown as a separate line item by default. I mean, maybe you could kind of like expand that out. The psychology there would be totally different. I think a lot of people would not even notice that the fee was very high depending on the transaction size that they're doing, of course. But if it's in the sweet spot of 10 cents to a dollar, I doubt most people are even going to notice. It's obviously gets... People notice when it obviously gets prohibitively expensive like on Ethereum L1. But I'm talking about L2's here. Because optimism for a swap is down to I think $3 at the moment or even less than that. It depends on the L1 gas cost. And as I said, with better kind of like optimizations on their layer 2 network, in addition to EIP 4488, in addition to sharding, those fees are going to come down considerably more on optimistic roll-ups and ZK roll-ups. They're going to be under a dollar before we even know it. So if the sweet spot is between 10 cents and a dollar for people in the first world or for middle class people in the first world, then they're not even going to notice that. Now, can we get that down even further for everyone else? Yes, we can. We can get that down much further. We can get that down to basically free if we do what I said before about subsidization of those fees. And as I said, that could be done through revenue being generated by the roll-up in other ways, but that could also be done through token inflation. So you could imagine these L2s doing tokens, and then some of that token gets kind of like sold in the open market. And then the money that they get from that is used to pay the Ethereum L1 gas fees to secure the roll-up. So there are multiple ways teams can kind of like handle this, and I'm coming up on time here, so I've got a bit more stuff to get through. But I thought it was important to kind of discuss that because we're really on the scratchless surface of what we can do here. And I do believe there is a huge kind of like psychology around fees and whichever layer two does it correctly, where they can actually effectively quote unquote hide the fees from the user and that they don't have to worry about it. And then it's not too expensive that it kind of like annoys them. I think it's going to be a big deal. So yeah, anyway, congrats to Optimism for reducing their fees here. I can't wait to see it on Arbitrum when they release Nitro as well. So Connext has announced that they've formed a partnership with LayerSwap to enable on-ramp from centralized exchanges to a broader list of chains and L2s. The integration is now live starting with Polygon POS support. So I've mentioned LayerSwap before, basically a, I guess, man in the middle that sits between a centralized exchange and a layer two. Now they're going to be tapping into Connext's bridge network or bridge liquidity network, which is really, really cool. So I guess congrats to them on the partnership here. This is going to open, I guess, like more bridging options for more users, for more centralized exchanges. But yeah, as I said, I'm going to power through the rest of these updates because I'm coming up on time here, but cool to see that. Aox.eth has built a nice little tool that basically allows you to search all available dropping and expired ENS domains and help filter out the noise. So, you know, you can drop your dot eth in the comments for early access and it will soon be at ENS.tools, but there's a screenshot here. So this is just basically a really easy way to search different ENS names. And as you, as, as you said, you can search them for like, you know, what's available, what's expiring, when it was created, what price it is, all that sort of stuff there. So really, really cool to see more community tools being built around ENS here. So Polygon put together a quick thread and update on the state of the Polygon POS chain and what they're doing here. Obviously, as you guys know, transaction fees on the Polygon POS chain shot up due to, I think it was some kind of like Ponzi game farm thing. I didn't look too deeply into it, but the fees did shoot up and I did cover this last week, so I'm not going to go into that again. But essentially this kind of like update thread goes through what they're working on. They're working on ERP1559 to improve the fee market. They're working on the Polygon POS V3, which is introducing significant architecture improvements, ZK based solutions, as we all know, and the Polygon SDK will offer the app specific chains as well. So there's a few other things here, like using different RPCs and stuff like that. But yeah, the Polygon team is definitely on top of this. So yeah, really, really cool to see this from them. You can check out this full thread. It's a little thread, but you can check it out if you want to. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. So Alex Vanovic from Nansen has put together a 2021 in review thread for the top 20 Ethereum gas consumers. So you can read this thread, it'll be linked in the YouTube description, but I don't think it's any surprise what came in at number one. It was Uniswap, obviously. Number two was OpenSea. Again, not a surprise. Number three was 1inch, which is actually quite surprising to me. But at the same time, it shouldn't be because I think 1inch is quite gas heavy, but the way they work the aggregator is that it's actually worth it to spend more in gas because they give you a better price. But yeah, number four was WrappedEath. That's pretty funny, right? WrappedEath coming in at number four, but that makes sense because of the DeFi activity. Number five was Tether, 6USDC, 7AVE, 8, 0X, 9 Metamask swaps. People filming that AirDrop, or possible AirDrop, and 10 was SushiSwap, and there's a bunch of others going through here. 11 was actually Chainlink. So Chainlink is actually quite a big gas consumer because they have to update their Oracle updates there, but you can also see the chart that he's linked here where it's basically showing a breakdown of each app and what they consume here. Uniswap just dominates. I mean, Uniswap's at what? Like 50%? I mean, between 40 and 50%, maybe it dips below it sometimes depending on the year. You can see it actually dipped below 30% during the lull that we had in August, September, or in October. But yeah, definitely a big gas consumer there. Check out this thread. It'll be linked in the YouTube description for you. So Lucas from the Maple Finance team has shared that there's big gas reductions coming for Maple Finance loans V2. So gas reductions up to 90%. This is crazy. Like you can see here that a creation of a loan currently costs 4.3 million gas in V1. In V2, it's only going to cost 525,000 gas, which is an effective 90% reduction. That's huge, right? And then you can actually, as I've said before, you can actually port these improvements to an EVM compatible roll up really easily. So Maple can take V2 straight to Optimism and straight to Arbitrum and get these gas cost reductions there as well. So really, really cool to see that from them. And yeah, this is obviously going to be a big improvement there. All right, last up here, we have a new app that I came across called Bento, or at least a new app in development. So they describe themselves as a fun and simple way to browse NFTs. You can follow and join the Discord for early access to it. So you can see there's a little kind of like teaser video here of what's going on. Seems to be kind of like Tinder for NFTs, right? Swipe left, swipe right, the right sort of thing, but not really swiping. You're kind of like liking or loving or not liking an NFT avatar here. So that's really cool. And you know, it's funny. I think the NFT kind of like profile picture or avatar movement is still very, very strong. Like I'm sure a lot of you have seen a lot of them kind of like a pump over the last week. I think, I don't think it's going to be a trend that dies down because profile pictures are tied very strongly to people's identities, but it's hard to know which has lasting power. I mean, bored apes flipped crypto punks in terms of floor price. And you know, some people saw that coming, obviously, depending on what you held, you saw it, you know, you saw it coming, but it kind of like speaks to, okay, well, which ones are actually going to be around for a while? Which ones are going to hold their value and how much, you know, how much of it is kind of like short term mimetic desire, which basically means how much of it is just like short term speculation on these things because other people like them versus long term fundamental value. But I do think the general trend of profile picture NFTs and avatar NFTs is going to last a while, but most of them won't succeed. Of course, even in the short term, most of them won't succeed, but there'll be some that have a pretty big staying power there. But anyway, check out this app, join the discord there. But I think that's going to be it for today's episode. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the discord channel, and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.