 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sosano, and today is the 22nd of July 2022. All right everyone, let's get into it. Actually, just before we get into it for today, I did want to apologize to the podcast listeners. I forgot to edit out the little coughing fit I had on yesterday's episode. I edited it out for the YouTube video, but I forgot to do it on the podcast. So you would have heard me doing that. So apologies there. I have replaced the kind of the audio file with the edited one. So you won't hear it anymore. But yeah, that was a little snafu on my part. At least it proves that I do these things live. And the only time that I edit them is when I have a coughing fit or I'm yelling at my dog. Lucky it wasn't one where I was yelling at my dog because you probably didn't want to hear that. You might hear him bark sometimes on these videos because he kind of like just loves to do that. Because if you see something outside or whatever, he'll bark. But anyway, I'm getting off track here. We're going to jump into the news now that I just kind of like mentioned that. So there's a lot of news actually to get through. So let's, let's go through it. First. I want to start with kind of this slide that Stani posted on Twitter from Vitalik's ECC talk. Now, if you haven't watched this talk, I highly recommend doing so. Vitalik covered basically, I guess like the Ethereum roadmap from his point of view. So you should definitely go check out that video. I'm not going to summarize it here. It's well worth the watch slash listen. But basically this slide in particular, I do want to focus on. So it's a slide that says why settle down as the title. And then there's three dot points here. The first stop point is layer separation vision. L one is for security and dependability. L two is for rapid iteration and action. Second dot point is functionality, escape velocity thesis. Once L one is strong enough, the rest can be done by L two and third dot point developers need a break. New features need time to de-risk. And I think he means core developers here. Need a break. Now this is basically, I guess like the Ethereum roadmap in a nutshell, right? Like we are trying to keep layer one as secure, decentralized and dependable as possible. And then make sure that L one can kind of like offer its features services, its scalability to the L twos to do their own rapid iteration. I've talked about this, you know, over the last couple of refills. I'm not going to rehash it there. And then the second dot point here, I don't think he's. I guess talked about enough and that's the functionality escape velocity, velocity thesis of, you know, once the L one is strong enough, the rest can be done by L two. The Ethereum layer one protocol will continue to evolve slower and slower over time. There'll be kind of like a ramp up over the next, I guess maybe two to three years. And then from there, it's going to be very slow iterations because we're basically just trying to get to the point where we can give these layer twos the main things that they need. Obviously the main thing they need is scalability. And that's coming in the form of proto dank sharding and the dank sharding effort more generally. And once we kind of like do that, then we can definitely kind of like slow down the process here and make sure that layer one just continues to be highly secure and highly dependable. Now, of course that can't happen for the next two to three years because of the reasons I just outlined, but that is the thesis really. And then the third point I think is very important as well about developers needing a break and new features that need time to de-risk. As I said, this is referring to core developers. I mean, guys like developing this sort of stuff is not easy and developing it in such a way that's secure and safe is also not easy. And then always having to worry about there being a bug in the code for a $200 billion network is definitely not something that core developers take lightly. And it's definitely something they kind of like they stress about. And also there is always work to do. There's always people wanting features to go into the protocol. So we need kind of like to slow down here for their sake, for their kind of like mental health, if anything. And also we do need these new features to give these new features time to de-risk. The reason why proof of stake on Ethereum was rolled out in phases where we launched the beacon chain and then we waited pretty much like over 18 months before we do the main net merge is so that we gave proof of stake Ethereum time to bake in time to settle in time for bugs to show themselves if there were bugs time for people to get used to staking and then do the merge so that it's significantly de-risked. Now this is true for other kind of like things out there such as sharding, which I'll talk about in a sec, but definitely we need new features to be kind of like de-risked here. So that was one slide here. As I said, you can catch Vitalik's talk on the ECC YouTube channel. It was very good. Highly recommend checking it out. And just as kind of like orthogonal to his talk is, I mean, I guess like what you can do after kind of like listening to his talk is dive deeper into the roadmap items that are commonly talked about. And they're, these are split into five different kind of like categories consisting of the merge, the surge, the verge, the purge, and the splurge. Now this is just kind of like names given to these things. It's a bit meme-y. It's not really kind of like to be taken seriously, but the upgrades within each of these categories are to be taken seriously. Now I was talking before about how we want to get over the next two to three years, the kind of like most important upgrades out there for layer twos. And that is kind of like the merge because that kind of like lays the groundwork for everything else. And the search, the verge, purge, and splurge, especially maybe the splurge. I think the splurge is aptly named because like, it's just like the nice to have features. The verge and the purge, you know, they're critical long-term, but not critical in the short to medium term and long-term I'm talking like five, 10 years sort of thing. Two to three years, the most critical things are definitely the merge and the surge. Now, obviously we know what the merge entails, but the surge entails the dank sharding roll up basically like sharding generally. Right. And there's a bunch of roadmap items in that. Now I want to focus on this part of the roadmap item for a sec here. And there was a great blog post posted by Polyna today, basically titled 48, 44 and done now 48, 44 is the IP 48, 44, which is proto dank sharding. And basically in this blog post, Polyna argues that for the foreseeable future, once we have proto dank sharding kind of implemented, we will actually not be able to saturate the scale that this gives us on roll-ups. Now he also argues that roll-ups should be preserved or reserved for high value applications. So for example, you wouldn't host the crypto game on a roll-up. You would host the crypto game on a Validium or an Arbutrum, any trust chain, or some other thing that doesn't store kind of its core data on chain, because even if it did post proto dank sharding, it would still get quite expensive. So we should leave, I guess, like true roll-ups or like full roll-ups for the high value applications or for the generalized kind of platforms. Whereas these app chains, such as immutable X, for example, that is a Validium, right? And that can stay a Validium. The thing is, is that when you're thinking about security from a first principles perspective, like the way I think about it is I always go to nation states. So would a nation state care about attacking a Validium that's hosting a crypto game, or are they going to care about kind of like attacking financial infrastructure? I mean, they're not going to care about the crypto game. Like, let's be honest, guys, they're going to care about the financial infrastructure. So it doesn't make sense to run financial high value infrastructure on a Validium or on something that definitely has less security than a roll-up. But at the same time, what's funny about a Validium or something where that off-chain is, that the data is stored off-chain, but the proof is still stored on-chain, is that there isn't really an incentive to attack these things anyway, even if they are kind of like hosting relatively high value things. Because of the fact that the attacker can't actually steal funds, all they can do is freeze funds. Now, obviously that sucks for everyone that their funds get frozen, but these funds cannot be stolen. So as I said, there is no incentive for an attacker to go out of their way to do this because they're getting nothing out of it. Now, when it comes to nation states, if they want to destabilize things, if they want to make sure that something fails, such as a financial system, well then, yes, it makes sense for them to do this. They're not monetarily incentivized. So obviously, if we want to be nation state resistant, we need these things on roll-ups with full security. And I do think that the very long term, we'll just kind of like have everything on roll-ups, but that's going to take a while to get there. That's actually going to require things like the other roadmap items that I mentioned, like the verge and the purge and the splurge and stuff like that. But in terms of just doing 48-44 proto-dank sharding sometime next year and giving roll-ups some incredible scalability would be magical. And Polina actually put some numbers here to this, where they basically say, assuming the minimum gas price is seven gwei, our EIP 1559, EIP 48-44 resets gas fees paid to Ethereum for one transaction to basically 0.0-3. You can see on my screen, it's basically negligible cost. And that's with the ETH price at $3,000. Now, because execution is a significantly more scarce resource than data, the actual fee you'd pay at the roll-up would be more like 0.001 or something. Now, I've said this on the review lots of times, where this is going to be the cost on roll-up transactions, guys, with proto-dank sharding. They're going to collapse. Now, of course, you give people more scale, you give people more room to do things. Costs are going to increase over time as the limits get hit. But the good thing and the really cool thing about layer 2s is that they improve themselves as well. This is just layer 1 improvements. Proto-dank sharding and dank sharding generally is fully layer 1. It has got nothing to do with the layer 2s themselves. So then you kind of like put layer 2 improvements on top, such as kind of like what Nitro is doing, such as better compression of core data, such as any other improvements that come to these networks, then you get kind of like much more scale here. You can get to the point where you have an incredible amount of kind of like TPS for those high-value transactions just with proto-dank sharding. Now, that doesn't mean that we shouldn't kind of like work towards the full dank sharding rollout, but it means we can work towards it at a slower pace and make sure that we can do it correctly and safely because proto-dank sharding is significantly simpler to do and significantly safer to do than full dank sharding. If we wanted to roll out full dank sharding, I think it would be better to let other networks experiment with this sort of stuff and experiment with more data availability stuff, such as what other projects like Data Layer, Celestia, ZK Porter, and Polygon Avail are doing. And then once that's been de-risked, once those kind of like bugs and things are kind of like tested in the wild, once those features are tested in the wild, then we can bring full dank sharding to Ethereum. Now, in the meantime, we could obviously keep researching it, developing it, all that good stuff there, but this is a really nice way to make sure that Ethereum takes the kind of like slower, more secure path to getting to full dank sharding, while still delivering the massive benefits of kind of like proto-dank sharding to these layer twos, which is very, very cool. So that's a bit of context around kind of like the, I guess the surge, which is also aptly named because the surge, you know, surging up the capacity of the chain. And there was also a kind of like quote from Vitalik that was taken completely out of context by everyone, which I really hate, but this was the Blockworks Twitter account that said, that kind of like attributed this to Vitalik, where he said, by the end of its roadmap, Ethereum will be able to process 100,000 transactions per second. This is for layer one, for starters, guys. Like this is not for layer two. And I would argue this is probably on the low end of things. Like we're talking about the end of the kind of like Ethereum roadmap that has been put out previously with all those features that I mentioned, we could probably get to more than this, but this is layer one. Now, if layer one can do 100,000 transactions per second, imagine how much the layer twos are going to be able to do. Tens of millions, hundreds of millions, right? Like the, it really is like an incredible amount at that point. So I put out, I quote tweeted this and I said, you know, these tweets suck so much because they give zero context. There's no mention of how Ethereum is scaling via layers and rollups and no mention of how this TPS number is being achieved and at which layer. So they didn't mention how this is being achieved through these roadmap items, surge, verge, purge, and splurge, right? And, you know, I said that I'd be covering this on the refill. Now I want to give you guys kind of like just a little bit of a context here myself around why these tweets suck so much outside of this. Just read the replies to this. It's just so, so bad. So you can kind of like see the replies here. You know, at $100,000 per transaction, just a stupid meme reply, right? There's nothing kind of like a value there. Another reply, CEO of Ethereum talks up delayed roadmap for company. It's just stupid. Someone calling out a BTC Maxi more, you know, stupid. What about fees, sir? One ETH gas fee, brah. Like it just doesn't help anyone. There's no educational stuff to get, to be gained from this. It's just a shit show. And it really pisses me off as an educator because then I have to correct this sort of stuff. I don't have to cover this on the refill. Fine, like whatever. But in general, I still have to kind of like correct this stuff constantly because I know that there's so much bad information out there and I know that so many people still don't realize a lot of the most basic things. I mean, people still believe that all staked ETH unlocks at the merge and not just anyone, not just random Twitter accounts, actual people who should know better still believe this, guys. And it really annoys me because like it takes literally two minutes of research to know this isn't the case. You just have to go to the ethereum.org website and it outlines it there for you. That's it. That's it, right? And even thinking through it logically yourself, you will come to the conclusion that why would all the staked ETH unlock at once? Like that would mean that all the validators will go offline and the network will go offline. Like I think people just can't think critically when it comes to these sorts of things. They want to outsource their thinking to other people when it just annoys the shit out of me. I'm happy to educate, but I shouldn't have to keep saying this stuff so long after I've kind of like the fact that this has been known for so long. This has been known for like two years probably at this point that we wouldn't have withdrawals at the merge, right? So taking that context, like it just, it annoys me to no end. I don't want to rant too much about this, but this is why I really hate tweets like this and they suck so much is because they just keep putting that misinformation energy out there where it's not direct, I guess, misinformation, but it basically may as well be because it's just such bad information. So yeah, just wanted to kind of like cover that there. I know refueled listeners and watchers don't fall into this camp. You guys know what's up because you listen to the refuel. Like obviously I try to be as accurate as possible whenever I cover these things, but just for anyone that you know, your friends, anyone you see online, like one of my goals with this channel was to create like an army of educated people who go out there and push the education out there so that I can fight back against all this bad information. It is an uphill battle. It is a never ending battle. I'm here to fight it. I don't mind at all. It does piss me off and you know what? The fact that it pisses me off makes me want to fight it more because I just can't, I just can't stand the misinformation being spread. But I can't, it can't just be up to me. It has to be up to all of you and those around you as well. So any kind of like misinformation, any bad information that you see people repeating or kind of like a spreading, you should definitely correct them if you feel comfortable doing it. I think that it's, it's well worth the effort there, but I'm going to leave that at that. I'm not going to go on a 20 minute rant there and just another kind of like update in terms of core development use here. So there was a core devs call yesterday and all core devs call and they confirmed that the girly test net will run through the merge transition around August 8th to 10th. So I think brought it forward a day. So originally it was August 9th to 11th. Now it's August 8th to 10th. Very, very close to you for the girly merge. Now as usual, as I always say, if this merge transition on girly with the last public test had to run through the merge goes smoothly and there's no kind of like major bugs or errors, then it is very, very highly likely that we're going to get a main net merge in mid to late September. Now, I just want to say one thing about this. If we saw what we saw with Sepolia, where like, you know, 15, 20% or whatever it was of the network was not validating after the merge went through because of a configuration error. If we say that on girly, I don't think that's going to affect the timeline of the merge. It by much, if anything, I still think the merge would happen mid to late September. It may, may get pushed to early October because the core devs want to be really conservative and make sure that everyone knows, you know, what configurations to use, how to set it up, all that sort of stuff there. But guys, we are in the final stretch. The light at the end of that tunnel is so bright, like it's basically blinding at this point. We are so close. It's only what, like 16 ish or a bit more than that. Maybe, maybe you say like 18 days away from girly merging and then I know, uh, kind of like a main net merge in mid to late September. Very, very close. It's going to be here before we know it. Cause like, I mean, I was just thinking about it today. Like I'm already in Australia, we're already halfway through winter. I didn't even realize like time is just flying, absolutely flying. So super excited that girly transit motion using was hard confirmed. It's no longer a soft date. This is a hard commitment to August 8th to 10th. Obviously can't give an exact date because of TTD and the way that works. And then there was obviously a soft commitment given to mid to late September for a merge a main net merge. I'm thinking I'm betting that if girly goes well, then that's going to be stuck to that timeline. So take it from me. Uh, you know, I'm, I'm trying to give you the best estimate out there, but, uh, I guess I don't take it as, as kind of my gospel things. Things can still change, but we're almost there guys. As I said, the light is blinding at this stage. All right. So there's a bit of drama about Coinbase today. I know I defended Coinbase yesterday, but this is drama about something else. So the SCC has charged someone at Coinbase with insider trading. Uh, and you know, the funny thing is, is that this insider trading was actually caught by Kobe on Twitter a while ago. And then it just came to light that they were actually doing this at Coinbase. Now I think that it's an open secret that insider trading from centralized exchange employees is rampant because it's incredibly hard to police. You could have an entire policy in place. You could lock it down completely. But the problem is that if someone knows an asset is going to be listed, they can just go home. They could fund a wallet, right. And they can buy stuff with that wallet on chain. And then you wouldn't even know because you can't tie an identity to a wallet unless, you know, they're obviously tied it to a centralized exchange or something like that. But if they're smart enough, they don't do that. It sounds like this person wasn't very smart. They got caught. Right. Um, and obviously like I'm totally against insider trading. I think it is really bad and I think that it should be prosecuted. But yeah, there's a lot of drama surrounding this of course. And also the sec in there are kind of like statement said that they're going after a bunch of kind of like different tokens that were traded. I think these are the ones that we inside of traded and trying to label them as security. So the sec doing what they do of course. And then of course Coinbase replied to this and the chief legal officer actually replied to this with a thread here, which was a really bad thread if I'm being honest. So he started off by saying, clean base doesn't list securities period. I mean, okay, you don't because they're not classified as securities yet, but like there's a high chance that a lot of them will be classified as securities because of the fact that they really do look like security. Let's not kind of like sugarcoat it here. Just because I don't like the sec and I don't like Gary Gensler doesn't mean a lot of this stuff doesn't look like securities. Like if you're taking like the how he test approach to it, a lot of them basically look like, like exactly what I was saying. It's securities like to the exact kind of like definition of them. Right. Um, so, so there's that. But then he also put out a tweet here in his thread where he said, Clay base has a rigorous process to analyze and review each digital asset asset before making it available on our exchange, a process that the sec itself has reviewed. And then I quote tweeted this way by saying, you know, quote unquote rigorous process then proceeds to list tokens that literally no one has ever heard of before. Like that. Come on guys. Like we all know that Coinbase has listed the shittest of shit's coins over the last few months. Um, I've given kind of like my thoughts on the reasoning behind it. You know, they're trying to compete with you new stop and stuff like that, but don't try and kind of like virtual virtue signal here and say that you have a rigorous process and everything like that. Like if you had a rigorous process and you kind of like analyze these things and review these things as rigorously as you, you said you did, you wouldn't list most of them in the first place. Right. So, I mean, I know I defended Coinbase yesterday about the insolvency thing. Co-mess has a lot of issues. It's a big organization. I think that, you know, there's a lot of place, there's a lot of stuff that they're doing wrong and there's some stuff that they're doing right. Um, but like just because I defended them yesterday over the insolvency stuff doesn't mean I'm going to defend them always. And this is one case where I'm not, especially with the insider trading stuff. I mean, if, if you kind of like have internal policies and internal review of insider trading and then Kobe goes on Twitter and basically catches the person for you, well then obviously you didn't catch them. And obviously, um, this person, you know, Kobe put this tweet out months ago. This person was able to kind of like work at Coinbase and still do this stuff, even though Kobe kind of like tweeted out about it. So it's just insane. It wasn't just Kobe as well. I think it was Zach XBT as well. So it's just insane. And I get why Coinbase is defending themselves like this. They're a big company, obviously legal speak. Obviously they're not going to kind of like admit any wrongdoing and stuff like that because they probably get sued to have to, I haven't if they do that. Um, but yeah, I mean I'm not going to defend them over this. This is like a massive screw up by them. Uh, and I think that they need to be better and I think all centralized exchanges need to be better here. But Coinbase is one of the flag bearers of this industry, so they definitely need to do better. All right. So zapper V2 is now alive. So you can basically start exploring. I remember I mentioned this, I think last week or the week before that they had the beta that you could go into. So if you've been able to check out the beta, then, uh, then awesome. But now it's available to everyone. So this is a brand new dashboard and interface with a big focus on, uh, kind of like discoverability and exploring things like NFTs, dows, the fire apps, stuff like that. So making it a lot easier to find everything that you need to find. Now I gave all my thoughts on the refill episode where I covered their kind of like beta for zapper V2. I'm not going to dive too deep into this today, but I think this is very, very cool. I think it's very cool because of the fact that, um, just the rehash one point I made last week, I think discoverability, uh, is becoming very, very hard within crypto because of the fact that there's so many different applications now, especially with like things like NFTs and defy. So having a kind of like dashboard that you're used to and being able to kind of like do these things on there, I think is a huge positive. So kudos to zapper for putting out this. I think this is really cool and I'm excited to dive deeper into V2 as well myself because I use that bar pretty much every day. All right, so there is some kind of like alpha leak here from fuel labs today where says in that dot eight says for those that didn't catch the alpha EVM support is coming to sway, which is the language for the kind of like fuel roll up here. So it's a rust based language that means you'll be able to write a theory of smart contract with all this of the security, safety and auditability as you would on fuel. This is really, really cool. I think that, you know, as I've said before, the EVM compatibility, EVM kind of, I guess, dominance is here to stay. The EVM is here to stay. It is not something that is going to go away just because people want it to go away. And just because it's not a technology that is quote unquote the best technology and just because some people have so many issues with it doesn't mean anything. And if people have issues with it because they use it, because they write solidity code, because they use the EVM. So at the end of the day, you know, it's the JavaScript of crypto as people have called it and it really is. And as you probably don't know, JavaScript is a language that powers most of the web. It's a scripting language that powers most of the web that we use. Even today, there's so much stuff built around it, so many frameworks built around it. But objectively, it's a bad scripting language. Objectively, a lot of people don't like JavaScript because it just doesn't do a lot of the things that it should do. And it's relatively hard to work with compared to other languages. I think solidity and EVM are exactly like that. Like, I'm sorry, guys, but that's just the way it's going to be. There's so much network effect built up around that. And it just keeps getting stronger and stronger, so it's going to stay like that. So it's cool to see that EVM support is coming to Sway here, so people can use kind of like Sway over solidity here for the EVM. All right. So Superfluid has announced V2 of their dashboard today, which is a completely redesigned user app for money streaming. So you basically see the dashboard in the GIF here and you can visit Superfluid and kind of like see it all for yourself. Very, very cool to see that this is out there now. And kind of like, as I say here, dashboard V2 boasts more than improved organization and a fresh new look. It's been rebuilt from the ground up using our SDKs and includes a number of technical improvements and new features such as enhanced performance, dark mode, always love a dark mode, multi-network, obviously that's needed in this day and age, minimal plus contextual UI, rainbow kit integration for rainbows wallet, ENS support, love that, and more. So you can check out all of this in their blog post and their tweet thread here. If you haven't yet, I'll link that in the YouTube description below for you. All right. So RVV3 has been deployed to the girly test net and the new optimism girly test net for developers to continue testing. So if you're a developer working with RVV3, then you now have two girly based test nets to kind of like test RVV3 on, which is very, very cool. You know, the funny thing is about all these kind of like test net names and stuff like that is like, I didn't even realize that optimism had its own girly test net, but it makes sense because optimism is EVM equivalent, which basically means it can just fork its own girly test net. And it'll be the same thing as a kind of like a theory of main net because optimism, as I said, is EVM equivalent. I know there's been a debate about what EVM equivalent is, what compatibility is, what a tree zkvme is, all that stuff. But I mean, I think the clearest example of what it is is when you can do stuff like this. Like I don't believe that, for example, I don't know, Polygon zkvme, for example, could be kind of like forked, they could fork a girly test and then run it off that, at least in its current iteration. I think that is kind of like one of the major differences. That's more on the developer side of things, obviously not on the user side. When it comes to this sort of stuff, I think all, I guess most developers and users care about is being able to use it like they would the Ethereum main net at the end of the day, the metamask support, support for the RPCs they're used to, transaction flow remains the same sort of thing or remains similar just with those faster transactions and those cheaper fees. So cool to see, I guess, like this spun up from optimism here. But yeah, I think this debate is going to rage on for a bit around compatibility, equivalency, and all that sort of stuff there, which is just natural. We debate everything in crypto, especially when it comes to technical stuff, it's never ending on that side. But I think that so far, most of the debates have been quite civil. It got a little bit tribal at times. And I think that what I see a lot of is the, I guess like devs having an issue with how things are marketed, but marketing. So this is, maybe I'll just talk about this for a sec because I think this is an interesting point. Marketing is a funny thing. I did marketing at set protocol and I constantly struggled with this myself. When you're marketing something, you obviously want to get the maximum amount of eyeballs on it through that marketing. You want it to be as clickbait as possible because just what works online, you want to be able to get people interested in it. And the best way to do that is to talk it up. And the thing is, there's a fine line between good marketing and scammy grifter marketing. So I guess that line is, okay, talking something up as if it's the best thing ever because you actually think it's the best thing ever, even though it may not be the best thing ever. Maybe you know it's not the best thing ever, but you're still putting your support behind it because you believe in the product, you believe it can get better over time, and you're trying to get people to use it to help with that kind of process. Then there's the scammy grifter marketing of basically saying that a product is something that it isn't. Now, there are endless debates on this and obviously it's very hard to kind of like, I guess, tread this line in crypto because the definitions aren't exactly set in stone for a lot of things. I'm sure you're sort of layer two versus sidechain debate, which has died down a lot and we can get kind of like some sort of consensus on it. But it's always a tricky thing for marketing people at the end of the day because a lot of them don't actually have this technical context as well and they shouldn't really have to. And a lot of it isn't kind of like settled. So I'm not kind of like trying to defend any particular marketing from any particular team, but I think what a lot of people miss is that the point of marketing is to make noise, is to get eyeballs, is to drum things up at the end of the day. And the ones who do that best are the ones that get the most attention for better or worse. So lots of things in crypto, lots of scams, the reason why they got so much attention and so much involvement is because they did a lot of marketing. Like as I said, for better or worse guys, that's just how it works. Like humans, I mean, online, the most scarce resource is human attention. And to get that human attention, you need to be bombastic. You need to be loud. You need to be basically waving a sign that says, hey, look at me and you need to make it interesting to look at you. And that's exactly what marketing is for. But I'm going to leave that one at that. I just wanted to give a little bit of context around that and how I think about it. As someone who has been in marketing, as someone who kind of does it, I guess from time to time, especially with kind of like my Twitter presence and growing that and things like that, there's all different types of marketing as well. So just kind of growth hacking and marketing through partnerships and business development and stuff like that. But I'll leave that for another day. I'm not going to go on it now because I'm coming up on time here. Just wanted to cover one last thing, which was that HashFlow has announced their $25 million series, a round backed by a few big players such as Jump, Wintermute, GSR, Dragonfly Capital and Electric Capital with a bunch of other kind of people participating, including angel investors such as myself. Just disclosure there, I did invest in this round. I've talked about HashFlow before on the refill. They're a decentralized exchange for interoperability, zero slippage and MEV protected trades. So basically I kind of like interoperable decks that kind of is trying to protect you from MEV and make sure that you're not getting sandwich attack and things like that and trying to do and doing it with zero slippage as well. So that's you. It's actually a really cool app. I'm not going to dive too deep into it now because I don't have the time, but you can check it out yourself at app.hashflow.com if you want to. And I guess like congrats to them on this raise here. I'm very proud to kind of like be participating in this. I think what they're building is very cool, but on that note, I'm going to end it there for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel. If you haven't yet, give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all next week. Thanks everyone.