 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligue Refuel where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sesano and today is the 14th of March 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So, actually before we get into it, I guess I just wanted to kind of like speak about what I spoke about last week on last week's Refuel episode. Where I asked you guys for kind of like feedback on what I should do when I'm in Amsterdam or just traveling in general about the Refuel. Had a lot of great comments both in the Discord channel and on the YouTube comments. And I think kind of like a general consensus is that you guys are happy with me kind of like just enjoying the conference and everything like that. And not forcing myself to get an episode out every day. And either doing like a mega episode at the end of the week or doing little episodes here and there or maybe some interviews at the conferences. We'll see, we'll see how it goes. I think I'm just going to play it by ear and see kind of like what position I'm in when I'm there. The videos, if I do them, will probably come out at different times than what they do when I'm here in Australia, definitely. But yeah, I think I can probably fit in like shorter ones, maybe just kind of like talking about what I did during the day or who I met and things like that. Or maybe just kind of like the most I guess pressing things or biggest kind of news from the day. But I think no promises there. Obviously just going to play it by ear and see how it goes there. So just wanted to address that. And also the last few days I actually was at the beach. So I was kind of like offline in the Discord. But I read through all the comments when I got back home today. But yeah, if I wasn't active on there and you know, you kind of like pinged me on there and I missed it, sorry about that. I was just taking some much needed time off, I guess, like after the craziness, especially during COVID times. But yeah, I'm very excited to get back into the travel more generally here. But anyway, on to what happened over the weekend. So I know I spoke last week about, I guess I spent 10 minutes last week talking kind of like about the fact that I don't think governments are going to outright ban crypto and things like that. But I did forget to, I guess, talk about one thing and that's proof of work. And proof of work is kind of like place in the world of crypto, the world in general. And how I've said for a very long time that I think proof of work is that one thing that governments are going to go after due to its energy usage. Now I'm not here to tell you that its energy usage is bad or is good or if anyone can even say that, right? I'm not debating that. But there was this news that came out of the EU from the block that says new amendments on EU crypto legislation put forward could limit proof of work cryptocurrencies. And from what I've seen, it seems some of the wording looks like this could be, I guess, kind of a ban on proof of work in the EU and things like that. And this again is just a proposal. It's not a proposed legislation. It's not law yet. It hasn't been kind of like put in yet. But I've been talking about this for a while now. If you've been listening to the review about how I thought proof of work was going to come under attack, you know, due to the ESG concerns, due to kind of like, I guess, you know, wanting to get off, kind of like using so much energy, wanting to get to more renewable energies and things like that. And now, of course, due to the conflict with Ukraine and Russia, the EU definitely wants to speed up its, you know, getting off Russian oil. Right. Which I guess is totally fair, right? When you consider the circumstances. And then, you know, I saw some people saying that if they do this to proof of work, they're coming from proof of stake next. I don't think that's the case. You know, maybe they come for proof of stake under a different kind of like pretext, but I don't know. I just don't see it. Like you can't go off the proof of stake for energy usage, of course. And if you were to go off the proof of stake as a government, you'd be doing it under some other kind of like pretext. But I'm not sure what the government will come up with to kind of like justify it. Maybe they'll say that, you know, basically that would have to say that they don't want these networks to exist at all. And then that becomes maybe an outright ban on crypto. Obviously very hard to police, especially with proof of stake, because the one benefit, one major benefit of proof of stake is that it's very hard to track down the validators. Now, obviously, a lot of people are going to have validators in the cloud and things like that, and they're relatively easy to shut down. But all the home stake is, I mean, how do you really track them? I mean, you know, as law enforcement, you probably have like an easier job. But there are ways to kind of like hide your presence and things like that and make you pretty much untraceable. And the funny thing is with proof of work with the mega mines, you can easily find those. You just look for the things drawing the most power. It's either a drug operation or a crypto mining operation. Very easy to find it based on heat signatures too. Whereas with proof of stake, with validators, especially in Ethereum proof of stake, it's much, much more difficult. So I guess like this is still consistent with what I was saying last week and kind of like what I've been saying for a while now. About proof of work. I don't know if this would possibly outright ban. I feel like it might be a bit of a cat and mouse game where certain countries within the EU basically say, no, we don't want miners here. Just kind of like what China did and kind of like kick the miners out. But the people are still able to use crypto, right? So from that point of view, I wouldn't call it a crypto ban or anything like that. I wouldn't even call it a proof of work ban. I would just say that, you know, these countries are basically like, well, you're using too much energy. We're going to basically tell you to leave the country, right? I don't even know if ban would be the right word there. And maybe, you know, it's kind of like funny when you think about this sort of stuff because it's like, okay, well, you know, I'm not trying to defend proof of work. I've actually been a pretty big critic of proof of work in the past. But, you know, if you start regulating things based on how much energy they use, it gets murky. Because then you kind of look at all the other things that are using energy and, you know, a lot of them use more than Bitcoin. And then you kind of like weigh up, okay, well, you know, what's that value to society there? And then you kind of get into the subjective view of things and you start policing who gets access to energy and who doesn't. And you kind of start interfering in the free market of energy, which is obviously one of the biggest markets in the world. And everyone, you know, needs electricity, needs energy. So it becomes very, very murky there. So I'm going to keep an eye on this, see what happens here. You know, a few of the lawyers out there on crypto are definitely concerned about this. But, you know, the funny thing about the lawyers is that some of them, like, they're really smart and really like them, really good guys. But they tend to take the most extreme position on any issue. I think that might just be the nature of kind of like the way they look at things. Whereas I like to take the more maybe pragmatic approach to things and maybe more optimistic view, where I don't believe that these things are going to play out. And if they do play out in kind of like a similar way to what's proposed, it's never as bad as people make it out to be. Like the Bitcoin mining ban, I mean, that results in a pretty big dump and all that sort of stuff. But it hasn't killed Bitcoin. I'm pretty sure Bitcoin's hash rate is still at all-time highs. The miners just moved out and kind of like continued on from there. I don't, you know, I don't think these things are ever as, I guess, like bad as people make them out to be. And that's kind of like a universal rule that I go by. Whether it's stuff like, you know, governments cracking down on crypto or anything got to do with crypto or just things happening within the industry itself. Whenever you kind of like see people kind of like, I guess, try to sell you a narrative that something's going to be way worse than what it ends up being. You know, I kind of think that it's kind of like our Y2K moments that always happen. And I think if you kind of like view it like that, you can stay grounded and you won't kind of like get scared. I mean, at the end of the day, everyone's trying to sell you a narrative, especially because there's markets that revolve around these things. Bears are trying to sell you a narrative saying, oh, look, this is going to crash the price. Bulls are trying to sell you a narrative that says this is going to pump the price. And then we obviously reach the fair market price at any given time through an equilibrium of all that information being kind of input into the markets. And then when there's an information imbalance, you see kind of like the volatility kind of spread out. You see kind of like opportunities and you see what we call alpha. Right. But that's, I guess, going off a little bit of topic here. But I did want to just mention this because it was relevant to what I was talking about last week. All right. So speaking of, I guess, proof of work and proof of stake, some updates on the merge. So Marios from the Geth team has kept us updated on what's happening with the Killen test net, I guess, merge test net here. So this was on March 12th, I guess, like on Saturday or Friday or whatever that was. And he said, we need to push the TTD back. And now I explained last week what the TTD is. It's basically the terminal difficulty when the merge happens. It's not based on a block number. It's based on the difficulty getting to a certain point and then the merge happening from there. So, you know, due to some miners on the test net mining with GPUs, it's kind of like, I guess, I sped up the merge too quickly. And essentially, from what I understand, the merge, or at least the TTD on the proof of work chain, would hit before the beacon chain went live. Before that, you know, the Killen test net beacon chain went live. And as Marios says here, this is a good drill for the core developers and researchers as it tests how an issue on main net in the last second can be mitigated. And there's a bunch of kind of like updates in this thread or I guess like information in this thread from Marios that you can read through. But this is, I mean, this is really cool. I actually like that we've been able to test it. And this is not something that I think can happen on main net, given the fact that we already have a live beacon chain, right? This can only happen on the test net because the beacon chain wasn't live yet. It hadn't reached its genesis period yet. So I think when you look at it like that, this is not something that... I'm pretty sure it's impossible to happen on main net. But still, it's good to test these things. It's good to kind of like get them out there, test all the possible edge cases, everything, you know, everything surrounding it, even if it's impossible to happen on main net, because then it just informs different things later on. And it informs things around test nets, it informs developers on any kind of like future things that are happening here. So very cool to see this. And definitely go give this thread from Marios to read for more information on that. And speaking of the merge as well, Tim Byko here announced that they're calling the execution layer merge clients, Paris. So the consensus layer merge clients were named. That's Ballotrix. Now the execution layer client name will be Paris here. So just a quick announcement there. And last thing about the merge, we have a great post from SuperFizz on Reddit called five indicators that the Ethereum merge will occur in June 2022. Now the first one is that on February 19, 2022, Ethereum researcher Danny Ryan gave a talk at ETH Denver titled Ethereum proof of stake in our Solarpunk future. It's the one I told you guys to watch last week. And then SuperFizz says here at minute 1330, he asks himself the question, so when and proceeds to answer it. And then he goes on about like the difficulty bomb when that's going to be set off and sometime in June, of course. And then there was another call on March 10, 2022 about the consensus layer call here. And then Ben Edgington asked Danny Ryan why the Kill & Testnet was pushed back 10 days. And Danny said just a quick recap on why it was pushed back 10 days or so because... Oh no, sorry. Ben said just a quick recap on why it was pushed back 10 days or so because this is not what we agreed at the last meeting. Danny's answer is that they were completing some technical items and needed to engage the wider community. But it's really the question that's more telling as SuperFizz says here. The fact that the implementers accounting days tells us that they are working diligently to meet the June goal. The merge mainnet readiness checklist is nearing completion. Another comment on March 10th here from Marius who announced the launch of the Kill & Public merge testnet, which I've said before, is the widely expected final testnet here. And the difficulty bomb is specified in EIP-4345 and suggests that the time between blocks will begin increasing around June 2022. Because the bomb goes off slowly and is based on block numbers, it's difficult to predict what the slow-motion explosion will look like in real time. And blah blah blah, more information about the difficulty bomb here. So these are really good indicators. All things obviously I've mentioned on the kind of like refill before. Actually not all of them. I don't think I've mentioned the first one here about Danny Ryan making that comment and then the question being answered on the second point here. But you know that's some good sleuthing there from SuperFizz, that's for sure. But yeah I mean I'm with him here. I think it's more than a 50% chance that we're going to see the merge in June at this point in time. I think the Kill & Testnet is going well. Obviously we had a bit of a speed bump there with the TTD and stuff like that. But as I said that doesn't affect anything on mainnet. It's just getting the merge kind of like done on the testnet in the proper way. And you know I just have, you know as the days go by I get more and more confident in a June merge day. But that doesn't mean that we can't kind of like get I guess so to speak rugged at the last kind of like second there. And the devs and researchers say no, no unfortunately we can't do it in June and it's going to be pushed back to July or August. So don't be surprised if that happens either. But I'm still pretty confident in June at this stage. Would I put money on it? Maybe, maybe. It depends how much money right. But you know the closer we get I guess the better it is. And I wonder if there's a prediction marker for these because the way they work is that the closer you get and the more the odds kind of like turn. It's kind of like you can sell or buy shares based on that. So I'm wondering if there is one right now. If there is and you know of it definitely link it to me somewhere Discord, YouTube, Twitter, wherever. All right just a quick I guess note on client diversity here. So as I mentioned Dappnode was working on client diversity last week. So and this is an update from Eduardo here who says client diversity on Dappnode is going to happen very very soon. And they can't be more excited about it. Now this was on March 12, 2022 and you can see there's a screenshot here of the different clients you could use within Dappnode. I'm sure this is coming. It could come this week right. It could come next week but very very soon usually. It usually doesn't mean oh he needs to put a TM here. But it usually doesn't mean too much longer than one to two weeks I would imagine. So very cool to see that. Looking forward to that to seeing that go live. All right so Ismael here from the Nethermind team shared a blog post announcing Nethermind's full pruning mechanism that is here now. Now for those of you who don't know what pruning is it's all described in this blog post here. But just a quick kind of like I guess TLDR on what it is. Basically Ethereum kind of like full nodes or sorry full archive nodes are I guess approaching 10 terabytes or have exceeded 10 terabytes in storage at this stage. And you know obviously that's not feasible for most users to run. So instead users will run a pruned node instead. So the pruned node is still considered an Ethereum full node. It just doesn't have all the data or I guess all the information available that an archive node has. And I guess the simplest way to explain this is that the Ethereum full node will still tell you that everything you know is working fine. All the data is correct and everything like that. But it won't tell you kind of like what you know what happened when. So for example an Ethereum full node will not tell you what the token balance of your wallet was at some date in the past. It will tell you what the current token balance is. So say you have 10 ETH right now. It'll tell you that you have 10 ETH in your wallet. Or it'll say that there's 10 ETH in this Ethereum address. But it won't tell you that maybe there was 5 ETH in that address six months ago. But an archive node will. An archive node will literally show you everything, every state of the blockchain at any point of time. At every block essentially. So that is obviously useful for things like block explorers and infrastructure providers. But not useful for the everyday person. Like I personally besides needing it for maybe tax purposes which you can just get from Etherscan. I don't need to run an archive node because I'm never really caring about that information outside of that. And then you know a full kind of like prune node works just fine. But the reason why this is a breakthrough from from Nethermind is that traditionally to activate a prune node. You would have to kind of like go offline you do the pruning on your full node and then come back online. Whereas with what Nethermind has been able to kind of like put together here. Their client can now perform full pruning. Keeping the size of the database only as big as completely necessary. All while running the node in full capacity. So no need to take your node offline or anything like that. It just happens all in the background while it's running. So that is a huge breakthrough guys. I don't know how technical a lot of you guys are. Or if you're aware of this thing or kind of like you've been monitoring this. But take it from me this is a very very big deal. And this is actually going to help with your kind of like continue to grow and continue to scale as time goes on as well. And allow us to maybe even increase the gas limit too right. On top of the EIPs that are coming in and stuff like that. So just wanted to kind of highlight that for you guys. Definitely go check out the blog post. It's more technical than everything that I've said here. It gives like a full breakdown of everything. You know the background of pruning. How Nethermind's full pruning works and all that sort of stuff here. So very very cool to see this. As I mentioned before Nethermind is a kick-ass team. They're doing a lot of great work across not just Ethereum core development. But a bunch of other verticals there. So great to see them continuing to put out more stuff that helps the Ethereum ecosystem. Alright so Optimism has put together a blog post called on our pragmatic path to decentralization. So this is basically what you know the kind of like part path that they're taking towards decentralizing the optimistic Ethereum network. They go through I guess a bit of background about why the L2s are not decentralized right now. Obviously because of the training wheels the multi-sigs the admin keys all that sort of stuff. They look to Ethereum but you know in how kind of like Ethereum has done it. And it seems that Optimism wants to essentially do like a multi-client architecture approach. Which is pretty cool. I mean I think that I don't know if any other L2 has kind of like talked about this or announced this before. But it seems like Optimism really just wants to basically follow exactly what Ethereum is. Except as a roll-up instead of kind of like a layer one consensus engine or settlement engine. It wants to just do this as an execution layer but basically stick as close as they can to Ethereum. In all aspects not just the code but also kind of things like multi-client architecture development process all that sort of stuff there. So that's very cool to see. And you know they talk a bit more about other things kind of like you know how they're decentralizing now and stuff like that. And obviously there's going to be a token at some point in here somewhere which is going to I'm assuming be used to further decentralize things as well. But this is cool. I mean it's cool to see layer two is kind of like taking the multi-client architecture approach as well. And not just sticking to one client here as I mentioned before Ethereum's multi-client architecture makes Ethereum one of the most if not the most resilient crypto networks on the planet. Like if there was a major bug in for example Geth we still have other kind of like core clients out there that could be run and could keep the network alive. And this is kind of like happened in the past. Obviously Geth is like a big part of the network and that's why client diversity matters and things like that. And we're working on that right especially with the Beacon chain. But I think looking at all that holistically it makes a lot of sense for optimism to do this. So I'm hoping other kind of like L2s follow along with this. I'm sure they will right. I'm sure that they're kind of like going to pay money for developers to build these sorts of stuff to maintain it. The long-term viability and health of these clients is also something that I guess needs to be incentivized. You remember that the Ethereum foundation put together a client incentive program or client diversity incentive program. Where they gave a bunch of ether validators to the different beacon chain kind of like client teams and also the execution layer teams to encourage them to keep building it out to keep sustaining it. And to have a vested interest in it with ETH and not just with ETH but also with validators. So that was really cool to see as well. I think the same thing is going to have to happen for the L2s. Where I'm sure they'll have their native tokens or give them out as kind of rewards or they'll pay them out and they're kind of like keep them happy. Keep them funded because that is the most important thing. Like the funny thing is that we did have another major client in Ethereum called Parity a while ago. Maybe some of you aren't even aware of that. Like Parity was from day one and Parity actually saved Ethereum's ass in 2016 during the Shanghai DOS attacks. And then what ended up happening is that the Parity company started building Polkadot. They became more focused on that and they kind of like I guess sunsetted Parity and they tried to and then Gnosis tried to kind of like revive it and keep it alive and things like that. But then that ended up kind of like fizzling and then they changed it to another Ethereum client. And I kind of called Aragon now which is still being maintained. I mean sorry it was open Ethereum first which has also been deprecated. And now there's Aragon which is kind of like a mixture of things there. But yeah I mean there's been a journey there that's for sure. And I think that's obviously funding you know what was involved there as well. But it was also the fact that Parity just had a conflict of interest now. The Polkadot obviously is a separate blockchain that I'd rather work on that than working on Ethereum. That's just the way it is. But we had others step up onto the plate such as Nethermind, Basu and Aragon which was cool to see. And obviously you know on the execution and consensus layer side as a whole we're going to have to keep incentivizing that to happen. But cool to see this from Optimism. Definitely go check out the blog post. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right so Pseudo-Theos has announced that he will be putting together a newsletter called Resync. Which is going to be a bi-weekly update ZK Sync newsletter. Bi-weekly right? This is cool. I mean I mentioned Swagdomus' newsletter about Starkware recently and now Pseudo-Theos is the one about ZK Sync. I think there's a few out there for Arbitrum and Optimism at this point. But yeah I mean it's just crazy. I'm subscribed to all of these things. I got them in my inbox and I go through them like holy shit. Like I don't even have time to keep up with everything happening. And I admit I know I've talked about this to death. But really guys like it's just crazy the L2 space. I mean keeping up with each of these L2 ecosystems at this point is like keeping up with an entire ecosystem in and of itself. And all this stuff is built on Ethereum. So like I'm trying to keep up with Ethereum. I'm trying to get up with Optimism, Arbitrum, ZK Sync, Polygon, Starkware, any other bloody L2 out there. It's impossible. I know I do a daily show but I mean I could literally extend this out to at least an hour these days on the show. If I individually covered everything. And it's just obviously not feasible there but crazy. So highly recommend subscribing to this new recent newsletter from Pseudo Theos. I've talked about Pseudo Theos before. Highly recommended follow as well. Let's get them to 10,000 followers guys. They're at 6,752 right now. They do a lot of great work. Not just with kind of like this recent newsletter. But also with a bunch of educational threads about sharding, layer 2 stuff. Kind of like I guess statelessness and things like that as well. So definitely go give them a follow. Let's get them to 10,000. I would really love to see that because anyone who spreads knowledge like that deserves more followers in my mind. So yeah, go ahead and do that. It'll be linked in the YouTube description below. Alright, so this was I think the biggest news of the last few days from Yuga Labs. I think that's how you say it. The creators of Board 8 Yacht Club. They have purchased or acquired the CryptoPunks and MeBits collections from Lava Labs. Now the first thing they did is that they gave full commercial rights to the NFT holders. Just like they did for Board 8 Yacht Club and Mutant 8 Yacht Club. Which I think is a cool thing to do. But this caused a lot of division in the I guess NFT community. Some really like this. Some thought it was really bad because it just means things are consolidating. I don't have a strong opinion on this at all because I don't have a strong opinion on NFTs in general. I think that the Board 8 stuff was like absolutely crazy. I saw it kind of like grow from basically nothing to where it is today. It kind of became like a bit of a cultural phenomenon for better or worse. But I think I just wanted to focus on how funny it is that Lava Labs have made so much money off of all this sort of stuff over the years. And now they're just noping out, right? They did nothing with MeBits. I think they made like 80 million dollars from MeBits from selling them. They also owned a lot of CryptoPunks which they have sold now to Yuga Labs. They sold I guess like their MeBits and CryptoPunks collections. And not their autoglyphs but like those sorts of things. They've made so much money from this. And like I don't know, I've seen some reports that they've basically made billions from all of this which is just crazy. And now they're kind of like noping out. They're like well okay let's just sell to Yuga Labs and then we don't have to do anything anymore and you know let's go up into the sunset. I mean cool like I don't you know necessarily think there's anything wrong with that. But I think this speaks to a broader kind of like thing within crypto where there are some teams that make too much money or raise too much money. And then they lose all motivation to actually build the product that they set out to build. This has happened time and time again within crypto. Obviously it hasn't happened recently. It's been it hasn't just happened recently. It's been going on for quite a while especially during the ICO mania. But put it this way. If you raise 100 million dollars in your first raise and this happened quite frequently during the ICO mania. What incentive do you have to build the product? Like unless you're some kind of like founder who really has something to prove and they really want to build an amazing product. And you know you don't care about money at all. You just raise the money to kind of like build your product then fine. But those people are few and far between. You raise 100 million dollars you put a skeleton crew on it to make it look like you're actually working on it. And then you go and sip kind of like martinis in the Bahamas right. Like that happens so often and just it doesn't happen loudly. It happens quietly and you probably don't hear about it too much. But it definitely happens guys. And I think that this is the number one mistake a lot of teams make. And I actually like it when I see teams during their early raises. Like obviously there are mega raises in the kind of like later stages. Like series some series A series B and series C. But in kind of like the pre-seed and seed and maybe even series C. Series A kind of like I guess raises. You should not be raising as a team more money than you need for at least like a few years runway. Because it just becomes kind of like a thing of well I have all this money now. You know let's just go off into the sunset. Especially if you raise from the public and you know you're not very accountable to the public. You're very accountable to VCs and funds and things like that. They may have legal recourse but you're not accountable to the public at all really. And that's another reason why a lot of public sales don't happen these days. Is because you know it gets messy. Because the public can band together and sue you and things like that. And you have to go through the whole court arbitration process. But generally yeah I mean you the AvaLabs is not like they sold them EBITs. That's it like I sold 80 million dollars worth of EBITs. They're not they have no obligation to do anything for the community. The community can't sue them for it. Can't say oh you promise this you promise that. Because they didn't really promise anything. People assume that they did. So even if they promise to do something as part of a roadmap. It's not legally binding or anything like that. So there's nothing really people can do at the end of the day. So yeah I guess like just a bit of general I guess observations. Maybe advice the first time founders out there. Don't raise too much money in your first kind of like rounds. You know try to keep it nice and lean and tight. Because it just gives you the motivation to kind of like stay hungry. To keep building the product out to make something great. And if you're a founder or a developer. You know wanting to be a founder or anything like that out there. And you just want to build something. You don't give a shit about money. I mean more power to you. You are I guess like you know the people the people we want in crypto. But I mean 99% of people aren't like that. And that's why most things kind of that's one reason why most things fail. Most projects fail. But you obviously there's a lot of other reasons. But yeah I just wanted to kind of like give some context there. As I said don't have strong opinions about the acquisition itself. It's cool. It's whatever. You know this stuff's going to keep happening guys. So whether you like it or not. You know you're going to have to learn to deal with it maybe. But yeah I think on that note it's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel. And I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.