 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the daily grey refuel. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Anthony Sosano and today's 11th of January 2022. All right everyone, let's get into it. So there's been a bit of debate, I guess recently in the Twitter sphere, in the crypto Twitter sphere and in the kind of like crypto ecosystem about whether we're actually in a bear market or not. Now it's kind of funny when you look at, you know, if we're in a bear market or not and trying to define this because traditionally there has been kind of like this four year cycle that crypto has taken. Where you'd have like a, you know, two years of kind of like bear market period and then two years of bull market period. And during this cycle it hasn't actually been like that at all really. I mean it's been a very, very kind of like weird cycle where essentially we had what? A year and a bit worth of a bull market starting in March 2020 up till May 2021. Where ETH went from like $80 to $4,400. And then we had like a, what seemed like a blow off top, right? Where it dumped back down to $1,700, you know, and BTC went from like, what was it? I can't even remember now. I think it was $60,000 to like back to $30,000 or something like that. And everyone thought, okay, well that was it. That was the bull market. It's over. It ended sooner than it normally does. But yeah, see you in two years. And it didn't play out like that. We went back up after that. Both Bitcoin and ETH hit all time highs again. Like Bitcoin went to $69,000. ETH went to $4,900. But then we've come back off that again, right? Bitcoin's, you know, last night went below $40,000 again. ETH went below $3,000. So people are just wondering, you know, what's going on? And I mean, I've said this before. I said it the other day when I was talking about the markets. That I think that it's very different these days. The crypto ecosystem is much bigger than it traditionally has been. There's a lot more overlap between, I guess, traditional investors and just crypto native investors. And you can see that with the correlations that we have with the stock market. So I think that trying to look at history and say, okay, well, the crypto markets have played out like this for so long. This is how they're going to play out in the future. I don't think that that's going to be the case. Like we could be back at all time high, you know, on ETH like next month. It is a realistic possibility. Now, don't get me wrong. I don't think that's going to happen. We're pretty much in, I guess, like bearish momentum right now. I wouldn't say we're in a bear market, but definitely bearish momentum. And, you know, I've been doing a bit of shit posting on Twitter, like bear shit posting. Don't take that seriously. That's just me like having some fun. Obviously, I'm a perma bull. Obviously, I'm, you know, it's impossible for me to be bearish for all the reasons I've outlined in the past. But, you know, I put out this tweet yesterday where I said, if this is your first bear market, I have two pieces of advice. And this wasn't a shit post. And maybe I shouldn't have used the term bear market. Maybe I should have said, if this is your first kind of like prolonged down market or sideways market or kind of like quiet market. The pieces of advice I have and, you know, I've talked about this with you guys before. But number one is don't leave, right? Instead, learn as much as you can and make calculated bets both financially and socially. And what I mean by this is that during these kind of periods, it's buying certain things or investing in certain things that are underpriced because the markets are just like underpricing them when the markets are quiet can be very profitable because it works both ways, right? In a bull market, a lot of things get overpriced. A lot of things get way too hot and go way beyond what they should be valued at. And they come down. Similarly in kind of like bearish markets or bearish periods of markets, things get severely underpriced and they're out of bargain, so to speak. This happened in 2019, I think with ETH where, you know, anytime during 2019 you could have bought ETH between 100 and $300. And you could have even done that up until like mid 2020. And it wasn't just ETH. Some popular examples are Aave. Aave used to be known as ETH Lend and they had the token Lend. Its market cap sat at something like $10 million during 2019. And they were still building and they hadn't launched their Aave market or anything like that. But that was still building and kind of like making things that people wanted to use and kind of like that came out. And then obviously the Aave token, I think even after it's come down from its all-time high pretty heavily, it's still worth $2.6 billion. So that's a 260x if you had invested back then and held till today, of course. And obviously there was the token conversion from Lend to Aave. But, you know, you still made out, I don't think there was much more new tokens printed from that. So you still made out with like a massive kind of gain there if you bought and just held the whole time. Now, obviously most people don't buy it during those bearish periods. And most people don't hold for that long either. But if you're a long-term investor and you kind of like scoop that up, you'd be doing very well. Like similar to all the ETH people that bought, if you're ETH between 100 and $300. If you had held till even today, you're doing pretty well for yourself. And there's plenty of other examples out there. And I think that this stuff kind of keeps playing out. Like there's going to be plenty of tokens over the next few months, I believe, if we do stay bearish that get underpriced relative to kind of like their product market fit, relative to the traction that they have. And I think that if you leave the ecosystem and you don't pay attention, you're missing out on kind of like potential investment opportunities by doing that. Now, it's not just financially, but it's socially as well. If you want to be involved with crypto, if you want to get a job in crypto, when things are quiet, it's probably the best time to do so. Because you're competing with a lot less people. And in addition to that, the teams building things, building genuine long-term things are much easier to find than the short-termism and kind of like the short-term projects that may be getting a lot of attention and hype, but only because it's a bull market and their token went up for whatever reason. But in reality, their product actually doesn't have product market fit and they just fizzle out over time. So that's kind of like what I mean by socially there. But not just kind of like joining a project, but also making a name for yourself if you want, within the ecosystem, things like that. That's much easier to do when the markets are quiet, right? So yeah, that's what I mean by that kind of like first piece of advice there. Second piece of advice, and I've discussed this before with you guys, is to survive. AKA, don't blow yourself up with leverage or overtrading. I've seen a lot of people make a lot of money and lose it. The hardest part of crypto investing is not making money, it's keeping it. And there's many ways to lose that money once you have it, right? Like leverage is a popular one, overtrading, putting money into things that you shouldn't, really. Like say you have like a big win and you think to yourself, oh, I'm an awesome investor, I'm going to go put money into this because this looks like a good deal. And then you basically kind of like lose out because it wasn't a good deal, right? So I've seen a lot of people give their gains back or much of their gains back. I've seen a lot of people blow themselves up on leverage. They don't survive. And then that feeds into my first point, whereas it becomes very hard for them not to leave. If you lose a lot of money, you're probably going to, I mean, especially if you're a first time kind of like crypto investor or someone that's kind of like, it's your first time in crypto. If you lose money, you're just going to exit. You're not even going to stick around. You're like, oh, screw this. This is annoying. This is too hard. I'm just going to go do something else. That is something that burns a lot of people. It's something that I think people have to kind of like learn themselves. The funny thing is like when I got into Bitcoin in 2013, I was doing all the same kind of like new mistakes that everyone else was doing. I was falling for pump and dumps. I was overtrading. I didn't use leverage because it was really hard to use leverage back then. I don't even know if many exchanges offered it back then. And obviously it wasn't any DeFi or anything like that. So I didn't use, I didn't do leverage trading, but I definitely overtraded like crazy. And the funny thing is there was really no good projects back then besides Bitcoin. Like the rest of the projects were kind of copycats or kind of like really early ideas that didn't really make much sense. And there wasn't Ethereum or anything like that. So it was a very different time, but the same principles applied there. Like I didn't survive. Like I lost a lot of the Bitcoin that I had bought in 2013 by overtrading. And then the bear market hit in 2014 and I sold my remaining Bitcoin. And I didn't look back until 2017 with Ethereum. Obviously that was a mistake there, but that feeds into both of my points here. You know, don't leave. I shouldn't have left back then. I should have paid attention. I should have, you know, paid attention to Ethereum in the earlier days. And that would have been, you know, obviously more profitable and would have been not just more profitable, but like more exciting too, I think. Because I do regret missing out on the earliest days of Ethereum, even though I got in in 2017, which is considered early these days, it didn't feel like I was early when I got in in 2017 and ETH had already gone from, I can't even remember. I think, you know, I had gone from 30 cents, right? ICO price to when I first bought my first ETH, it was like $10, but I didn't buy much back then. And then I think I bought a lot of my ETH in 2017 at like 50 bucks or something like that. And I felt like I was super late at that point, right? Because, you know, I mean, 30 cents to $50, that's a huge gain already for a lot of people in a short amount of time of when, from the ICO to, I think it was like three years or something like that, from the ICO to when it hit 50 bucks or even less than three years at the ETH ICO, I should say. So yeah, I mean, that just kind of like feeds into both of these points here. And as I said before, I don't think we're going into a long-term two-year bear market or anything like that. You know, a lot of people will make the argument that we've been in a bear market since May of 2021 and the all-time highs that we hit on Bitcoin and ETH were just kind of like anomalies. I kind of get that argument, but not really because we came back from a pretty brutal drop. I mean, ETH went from 4400 to 1700, then back to 4900. I don't think you can call that a bear market. You know, the technical definition of a bear market, and this is taken from the equities world, is a sustained downtrend of like three months. Now, I think three months, it's either three or six months. Now, I don't think that applies to crypto uniformly because crypto is such a different asset class. But I think that for you to say that we're in a sustained bear market, there has to be a downtrend for a sustained period of time. It can't just be like it goes down, then it goes sideways for a bit, then it goes back up. It needs to be sustained downtrend for a while, I believe. And you know, whether that's three months, six months, a year, I'm not sure. I would argue that it's got to be at least three months because it's just, crypto moves fast, but at the same time, like crypto can go sideways for a while. It loves doing that. But I think a sustained downtrend or sustained downtrend for three months is kind of like when you could call it like a bear market. And I think we're pretty much like almost there. I think what, we, 4900 was in like October or something like that. No, no, no. I think it was in November. I can't remember exactly. So we're pretty much there, but we'll see. You know, who knows? I'm not sure where we go from here. I'm actually, for the first time in a long time, I'm not, I'm kind of like neutral on the market. Like, yes, I'm a permeable, but in like the short term to medium term, I'm very neutral right now. I don't have, I don't think anyone has a good rate on where we're going. I think the macro environment is too uncertain for people still. So yeah, it's just kind of like very hard to read that there. But anyway, I'm going to move on from that to something that a lot of people have requested that I should talk about. And I didn't speak about this yesterday. So apologies for this. Was this about Arbotrim's sequencer outage? Is it the second time it has happened? I remember I talked about it the first time a few months ago and it was funny. The first time it happened was the same time that the Solana's network went offline. So that was a bit poetic back then. But yeah, apologies that I didn't cover this. I didn't think it was kind of like relevant to color because I, cause it went down for the same reason that it went kind of like down last time or at least the same kind of like thing happened. So I figured it was redundant to bring it up again. But someone brought up a good comment in the, in the, sorry, a good thing in the YouTube comments where they basically said it was kind of double standards for me to talk about Solana going offline and not Arbotrim. I'm like, okay, I agree with that. That's fair enough. I wasn't trying to kind of like hide anything here, but anyway, enough on that. I'm going to talk about it today quickly. But essentially what happened? Well, Arbotrim's sequencer went down again. I think this was, I don't know exactly how long it went down for. Maybe in their blog post they describe it. I can't remember exactly how long it went, went down for. It was at least a few hours, probably a bit longer than that. But essentially what this meant was that you couldn't get any transactions in at layer two. There were kind of like no, no, no blocks being bring, being produced on there and everything like that. And why did this happen? Well, they have a blog post here describing it, but the core issue was a hardware failure in their main sequencer node and they have redundancies in place. But apparently their backup sequencer didn't work because there was a software upgrade in progress for their backup sequencer. So it's a bit of bad luck there, of course. And obviously the network went offline because of that. Now, why did it go offline? In addition to this is also because it's a centralized sequencer right now. It's only Arbotrim running this. If there were multiple sequences out there, if there were multiple entities running these sequences, then you could just use a different one. You know, if you were using Arbotrims and then Arbotrims went offline, you just use a different sequencer. It's kind of similar to how you use different RPCs if one's overloaded or one goes offline, right? So from that kind of like perspective, that would have helped the situation. But you guys know that these layer two networks, Arbotrim, Optimism, whatever it is, very, very early days training wheels on them, super centralized right now. I mean, they've been clear about that. I've been clear about that. So, you know, that's just kind of like what you have to deal with when this stuff happens. And to be honest, there's no guarantee this isn't going to happen again. Like I, you know, I wouldn't be surprised if the sequencer goes offline again before they kind of like decentralized the sequencer out. Now, do they want to decentralize a sequencer? Of course they do. Like, not even just Arbotrim. All of them want to do this. All of them, all of these kind of like teams don't want to be responsible and don't want to be the only ones running kind of a sequencer or validator on their layer two networks for a variety of different reasons. This is one of them. So yeah. But as I said, like their sequencer went offline, which means that you couldn't get any transactions in and people were kind of like stuck, which is scary. But because Arbotrim is a true layer two protocol, you can always withdraw your funds to layer one. Now, could you do that immediately? No, you would have to wait the seven days if you went through the Arbotrim bridge, but you could, I believe in theory, go through one of the fast bridges like Hop or Connex or something like that and bridge out near instantly. But there are kind of nuances here because the way the Arbotrim one network works, at least from my understanding, is that there's a sequencer and a validator. And if the validator kind of like goes offline and block stock kind of like being produced, it becomes like very, I guess, like, I don't know if I call it messy because you have things like DeFi operating on there and Oracle updates and things that need to happen, prices change and things fluctuate. But I would say that, yeah, I mean, if the validator went offline as well, it'd be even harder to kind of like get your funds out. But I think that because it's a true layer two, you can always get your funds out using the official bridge, but you'd have to wait seven days. Which obviously is not ideal, right? Waiting seven days to get your funds out because I mean, I'm not allowed to say that Arbotrim would go away forever, but there is a chance that one of these layer two networks one day tries to rug pull or something like that or get shut down for whatever reason. And that's why you have that layer one fallback. Now, you know, this always gets brought up as a positive that you have that layer one fallback. And there were some comments around this because people were talking about this with Solana. They were like, you know, I wonder if, you know, the eighth people are going to talk about this and kind of like give Arbotrim shit like they give Solana shit about this. And as I said, the key difference is that Solana is a layer one network. Arbotrim is a layer two network. So if Solana goes offline, everything built on top of it is effectively offline. Whereas with layer two, if Arbotrim goes offline, then, you know, optimism, DY, DX, immutable X, they're all still online. They're not affected by Arbotrim's outage. But if Ethereum was to go offline, well then of course everything built on top would go offline there. And this goes back to my kind of like what I've been saying, I guess over the last few months about how layer ones need to be as decentralized and secure as possible, if only for the sole purpose of liveness. Now, I think liveness is the most important property of a layer one network because if the layer one network is goes offline or is compromised in some way or is kind of like attacked in some way, literally everything else built on top is at the mercy of that. That is really bad because I've used this analogy plenty of times, but if you have a building and the base of your building goes, then the rest of your building is coming down with it, right? Like it's just, that's the most important thing. That's why there's so much effort put into the base of a building, the kind of like infrastructure at the bottom, because that needs to survive because that is holding up everything else. Same goes for the layer one network. It needs to stay online no matter the circumstance because everything else is built on top and especially for smart contract blockchains where you have DeFi and kind of like smart Oracle updates and price movements and stuff like that, where if the network goes offline for 12 hours and eats price moves by like 10%, once it comes back online, the Oracles all have to update that and things can get really messy. So that's another reason why liveness should be favored over anything else for a layer one network. Obviously that can happen at layer two as well, but it's an isolated thing. As I said, if Arbitrum goes offline, it doesn't affect optimism. It doesn't affect the other layer twos or anything like that. It just affects them. And you know, it can affect the bridges of course. And I've spoken about how, how complex bridges are in the past and how messy that can get as well. But I think that when you, when you kind of like really break it down here, the main difference for me between a layer one and a layer two going offline is that, and then there was another kind of criticism that I wanted to, I guess address here was around like being able to withdraw to layer one, but the fees are so high that a lot of users probably won't be able to do that in the future. And I actually think this is a valid criticism because if the fees for withdrawing your funds to layer one, one day you get to like a thousand dollars, right? And you've only got a few thousand dollars in, in your, in, in kind of like these layer two network, then that's a pretty big hit to take. Obviously it's better, you know, if that layer two network is permanently offline, well, then it's worth you paying that thousand dollars to get your other money out. Because you still come out with, with something at least, but that shouldn't be the way it works. Now there are ways around this. You can have kind of like public transportation networks on layer one that allow you to do batch withdrawals and kind of like split the gas costs among a bunch of different users, which I'm sure the infrastructure is going to get built out for that. But yeah, I thought that was a valid criticism because we're pushing everyone to go to layer two, but if any of those layers, and then at the same time, we're also telling them that, Oh, you know, it's okay. If the layer two goes offline, you'll always be able to get your funds back to layer one, but then we're telling people layer one's always going to be super expensive and it's only going to get more expensive over time. You see how these things don't kind of reconcile with each other. So I totally get that. But I do think there are ways to rectify this. I do think there are ways around this. And I do think that when we have things like sharding in place and EIP 4488, that's going to make things much better and much cheaper as well, at least in the medium term, maybe not the long, long term, but in the medium term and say like for a few years, definitely going to help there. But yeah, valid criticisms, but good to see that Arbitrum handled this kind of nicely. They've got the network back up and running. I'm sure they are talking about decentralizing the sequencer. I'm sure all these layer twos are because, I mean, as I said, there are a variety of reasons to do so, but this is a major one. Another one is obviously you want to decentralize the protocol. Another one is regulatory reasons. You definitely want to make it so that you can't be targeted by regulators very easily. And you know, with decentralizing these things comes tokens as well. So I'm sure there's a lot of discussions going on around this for a variety of different reasons, but yeah, anyway, that's my coverage of Arbitrum's outage there. Sorry, I didn't cover it yesterday, but as I said, there are a few things that needed to be addressed there. Glad you guys brought it up. And in the future, if you want me to discuss anything that you think I've missed, just ping me in discord. I'm much more kind of like responsive there. A lot of the times I don't actually read the YouTube comments, but yesterday I saw like a few people commenting it. So I was like, okay, well obviously a few people kind of like wanted me to cover this, but definitely just ping me in discord. I'm very active on there. You can join the channel links in the YouTube description below, but anyway, moving on from that to this tweet from ultrasound money. So we have a new eighth burn record for the last 24 hours with 18,000 eighth burned. Now this is crazy, but not unexpected considering that NFTs went crazy again. I think this was due to the looks of rare airdrop where essentially there's an airdrop for a new marketplace that's competing with open sea called it looks rare and they have a token called looks. You could claim the token, but the claim that token you need to list in an NFT for sale, and then you could find the token by doing kind of like NFT sales. So there's a lot of wash trading going on. So obviously, you know, this uses a lot of gas and there's a lot of people kind of speculating on this sort of stuff. So you have a lot of eighth being burned. So again, as I've always said to you guys, like if you're in benefits, no matter what's going on, because you know, sometimes the fire will have its own bull market and if they will have their own bull market, Dow, social tokens will have their own bull market where an eighth may be quiet, but it still benefits. And this is kind of like a longer term thing. You know, how people say to me before, Oh, you know, if this is only $3,000, even though we've burned so much eighth, what gives? I think people are overestimated the impact that the burn was going to have on the price in the short term and they're underestimating the longterm impact. Longterm, the impact is going to be very pronounced, especially coupled with the merge because of the fact that whenever there is a demand spike for eighth, as I've discussed this before, there's just not going to be much supply left for people to buy. And that's going to cause the price to go up faster than it otherwise would have. That's at least my belief anyway. So we'll see how that plays out. But yeah, cool to see another burn record here for the last 24 hours. So polygon announced today or presented today, something called a Plonky two, which they're calling the world's fastest ZK scaling technology built by polygon zero, which is their, obviously their recent acquisition of mere protocol, which became polygon zero. What is Plonky two? It's a recursive snark that is a hundred times faster than existing alternatives and natively compatible with Ethereum. Now there's a thread on why they think this is exciting. And obviously I've talked about this before when polygon zero was announced, but essentially they can do recursive proofs on Ethereum within 0.17 seconds, which is incredibly fast. All the kind of like smartest people I know in the ZK community are super excited about this. They think it's, it's a pretty, pretty great achievement. They're cautious about what this will look like in production, of course, but yeah, this is an obviously kind of like huge achievement here and all of them compatible working to kind of like scale Ethereum and everything like that. So there's a blog post here introducing Plonky two, if you want to go read this for more details, but great to see kind of like polygon continue on their mission to, I guess, like bring more ZK stuff to the market. I'm not just to the market, but like kind of like out of the research phase and into like the, the production phase, which I'm sure is coming sooner rather than later. But yeah, great to see this from them. Definitely go give the blog post a read. So I came across this great thread from John Wang today about layer two tokens and their tokenomics. This is actually quite a long thread. There's a lot of good ideas in here. I'm not going to read the thread. Obviously I highly recommend going and giving it a read. He actually goes over a lot here in this thread. It was a lot more than I thought. I kept reading through it. I'm like, wow, he, this guy's thought of everything. So I really thought it was a great thread. It has a bunch of links to other threads that you should read as well. But the gist of it was basically discussing, you know, what L2 tokens are going to look like, how they're actually going to do the token, what the token should actually be used for, what the value capture is, you know, it can be used in governance, what the distribution looks like. It covers a lot of things. So if I, if I was to suggest kind of like anything to read on L2 tokens and their tokenomics, I would actually say that this is probably the, the, one of the best things you can read right now. So definitely go check this out. It's, I remember how many tweets it is. I think it's like 64 tweets or something like that. If I remember correctly, let me just go here to show more replies here. No, 60, 66 tweets here. So it's well worth the read. And it's got a lot of links to different kinds of like things you can dive in deeper. So if you have like a spare couple of hours to read this thread and then dive into all the links that he's kind of shared here, it's definitely well worth your time, especially because I expect a lot of these L2s to do airdrops. So if you're not farming these tokens yet, might be worthwhile. And there may be some alpha in this thread of how to effectively farm these things. So another bridge protocol that I came across today or a cross roll up protocol that I came across today called Orbiter Finance is now live. So they've launched ETH transfers with a limit of 0.2 and supports a transfer between mainnet or Ethereum mainnet, Arbitrum and ZK sync. So this is really cool. I mean, another, just another kind of like bridge live here, obviously very new. So if you're going to use this, be aware of that. But essentially you can see here the time to go from Arbitrum to ZK sync is less than a minute with a $3 80 transaction cost in ETH or $3 90 in USDC. And then they've got other examples here, ZK sync to Arbitrum less than a minute, mainnet to ZK sync two minutes, ZK sync to mainnet two minutes. Now, if any of you have tried to withdraw from even like ZK sync, it's a lot slower than two minutes. It takes several hours. Arbitrum obviously takes seven days along with optimism, of course. And it's probably going to be more expensive because you have to go through the native bridge. So this not only is cheaper, but this is also much faster. So really, really cool to see another kind of like cross roll up layer two bridge and to the arena here. But as I said, this is very new. So use at your own risk and make sure that you kind of like use it with smaller amounts first. And they've kind of limited it to 0.2, but you know, 0.2 ETH, but 0.2 ETH, depending on kind of like how much if you have can be a large amount. So definitely don't, you know, you got all your funds into this and they don't have that. It doesn't look like they have a token yet, so they may have a token in the future. I'm sure people are going to be trying to farm that. But yeah, anyway, really, really cool to see this from from Orbiter Finance here. So another project I came across today that's launching on Starknet soon is called a Zorro Protocol, and they just launched their landing page and white paper. So what Zorro Protocol is building themselves as is a proof of personal protocol for democratic Dow voting, quadratic funding and more. So as I said, this is going to run on Starknet. This is really cool. It's that they're building themselves as Web3 citizenship, basically a way to kind of like having a proper on chain identity while kind of like preserving your privacy. There is a bunch of projects kind of like tackling this. Obviously, we have pull-ups, which are pretty popular with people. We have, I think, Humanity Dow or something like proof of humanity. Or I can't remember exactly the name there. There's a couple of other ones out there. But cool to say this is actually going to be natively on layer two, so on Starknet. And I'm curious to see how they do this. Are they going to be using ZK technology similar to what Sizmo is using, similar to what Simon with Ethereum wants to do as well? Just kind of like preserve user privacy and things like that and build on chain identity while doing so at the end of the day. But I'm curious to see if they launch another L2 as well. Like I'm actually most interested to see and I'm not sure if it was in the Y paper because I haven't read the Y paper yet. I'm most interested to see how this is actually going to work cross chain or cross roll up or cross L2. Like is it portable? I'm sure it is. But like what are the costs going to be? Is it just going to be signing with Wells? Is there going to be no on chain transactions? All that sort of stuff. You know, we're going to have to see, but I'm going to read the Y paper later tomorrow probably at this point. But yeah, I suggest you do the same. I'll link this in the YouTube description for you to check out. So Euler has announced their bug bounty program. So this is a $1 million bug bounty program in partnership with Immunify as part of their $10 million insurance partnership with Sherlock Financier. So you can check out the announcement in this blog post. If you are a kind of like developer, white hat, kind of like hacker, and you want to find bugs in Euler's contracts, definitely give this a look because you could win $1 million or win, I guess you could earn $1 million. So you can see here that it's based on threat level, of course. So if there is a critical bug that you find, you get up to $1 million. If it's high, $25,000, medium, $5,000, low, $1,000. So if you can find a critical bug, I'm sure that means kind of like loss of user funds and stuff like that in their contracts, you could be up for a million dollars. It could be up to up for grabs for you. So definitely go check this out if that falls into your purview. You know, the funny thing is Euler is not the only one with bug bounty programs like this, and I'm sure you guys have seen some of the payouts for things like this. If you're, I mean, I know it's not an easy job to do this, but if you're like a really good developer and you think that you can spot bugs, going through these bug bounty programs, finding bugs in things and kind of submitting them and could be a very, very lucrative way to make money. Now, the funny thing is, is that if you're that good that you can spot critical bugs in contracts, in smart contracts, and you're that good at solidity, you can get a $10 million in the city. You're probably, this is where kind of like it becomes a bit of a funny game. You're probably even better off building MEV bots because MEV is a very specialized field just as kind of like bug hunting is a very specialized field, but both of them are pretty lucrative and pretty profitable. If you could do both at the same time, you're laughing. But I think that when it comes to, I guess, building an MEV bot or kind of like doing MEV on chain and bug bounty programs, I'd be interested to see what the overlap is like in terms of like, you know, there's a Venn diagram of that. I don't know how easy that would be to track down because I know a lot of the people doing MEV are pretty private. The MEV researchers are public, but a lot of the people actually doing the on-chain MEV are very private. They don't want to reveal who they are or their secrets. And you know, a lot of bug bounty kind of like hunters are like that as well. I mean, even the famous Samsung or Sam CZ son, I don't know how public he is. I haven't dug deep into kind of like who he is, but essentially he works with Paradigm. And his picture on their website is still, he's kind of like anime profile picture. And I'd never seen like a picture of him, like of his real identity or anything like that. So these people kind of like tend to stay private, but I'd still like to see like kind of like what the overlap is between people who hunt for bugs in smart contracts and people who do MEV on chain as well. All right. Finally, here we have Open that just launched their Squeath products. So this is now live on the Ethereum main net. I love saying that word, Squeath, right? It's just like such a funny and such an interesting word to say. But essentially Squeath, as far as I can understand, is an options kind of like product here. So you can go and check out the dapp at Squeath.open.co. Yeah. So, and this is basically what Squeath is. Long Squeath or e to the power of two gives you a leverage position with unlimited upside, protected downside, and no liquidations. Compared to a two times leverage position, you make more when ETH goes up and lose less when ETH goes down, excluding funding. E.g. if ETH goes up five times, Squeath goes up 25X, you pay a funding rate for this position, enter the position by purchasing an ERC20 token. So basically a leveraged kind of, I guess, bet on ETH here. Leveraging ERC20 token, of course, things like that. I think this is really cool, but at the same time, I think you guys need to be very careful with these products. As I've said before, leverage and options products, if you don't know what you're doing with them, they'll wreck you. They'll wreck you good. They'll wreck you real good. So I suggest learning more about this, reading the documentation before purchasing this product and kind of like talking, maybe talking to some people about what the worst case scenarios are here. Like, you know, they make it sound really good in obviously the description here. Not to say that they're misleading anyone with their description, but you always should know what the downsides are of these positions. Like it works both ways, right? So if ETH goes down, what's your potential loss from that? Because it's an amplified loss due to the kind of, I guess, like leverage position you're taking on in kind of like this position here. So definitely kind of read more information about that. I'm sure it's in the FAQ or something like that on their website. I think this FKQ actually would link to some documentation. Maybe it's not loading. There we go. Yeah, okay. There's a whole complete overview of Squeath here. So definitely go check this out as well before purchasing one of these products. I highly recommend that. But I think on that note, that's going to be it for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks everyone.