 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deliguay Refuel where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Sassano and today's the 4th of March 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So, bit of drama over the last 24 hours in Ethereum land with, I believe I woke up to this, Infura had a misconfiguration I guess they were calling it, where they were blocking some users in certain jurisdictions such as Venezuela. Now, you know, obviously people saw this and were like, oh my god, you know, Infura, you know, it means Ethereum is centralized blah blah blah. And there was so much FUD around this, oh my god, the FUD when I was going through kind of like, all the people's takes on this sort of stuff, it was just absolutely ridiculous. And that's what prompted me to put out this tweet where I said, no, Ethereum the protocol is not centralized because Infura, the centralized infrastructure provider, decided to block certain countries from its service. Run your own node, use alternative RPCs like Alchemy, use a non-metamask wallet or work to help make light clients a reality. So I want to break this down a bit for you guys. Basically the Ethereum network, the protocol, that has nothing to do with Infura, right? The protocol itself is run by the full nodes and the miners produce the blocks. That's it, right? That is the Ethereum protocol, that is the Ethereum network. Now, Infura, what Infura is, is basically a centralized service provider that runs nodes, right, full nodes, archive nodes, all that kind of good stuff there. And they allow other users to basically piggyback off their nodes when submitting transactions. So for example, in Metamask, the default RPC or the default network that you connect to, connecting to the Ethereum mainnet is Infura. And the reason this is the case is because both Metamask and Infura are consensus companies, and obviously they want to work together because it's good for consensus, which is totally fine. It's been like this since forever. I mean, I'm pretty sure Infura has been the default for Metamask for as long as Metamask has been around, essentially, right? Or at least almost as long as Metamask has been around. So from that point of view, Infura going offline, Infura blocking certain jurisdictions, Infura kind of like being hacked or whatever else you can think of, would not affect the Ethereum protocol itself. What it does affect though is users' abilities to transact. If you're using Infura, which is the high chance you are if you're using Metamask, unless you've manually changed your RPC to use another provider, or you've basically changed it to use your own full node, you are definitely using Infura on the main Ethereum network. Now, it's shitty that they're exercising their centralized powers to do this, or they have the ability to do this, but this is the reality at the end of the day. Any centralized service that is built on top of Ethereum, or on top of any blockchain, has the ability to do this. And it was funny watching a bunch of Bitcoiners kind of fight Ethereum about this, saying, you know, this is why Bitcoin is the only thing that basically matters, this is why Bitcoin is the only thing that's decentralized. Guys, if you're using a Bitcoin wallet that talks to an infrastructure provider, that infrastructure provider can also stop you from doing your transactions. It's the same thing. Like, I don't understand why Bitcoiners don't get this. It's exactly the same thing. It's just that with Ethereum, obviously there's a lot more to do, there's a lot more transactions you do on Bitcoin. The only transaction you're ever going to do really is sending Bitcoin to and from different addresses, and maybe you want to play with Lightning Network, and you're kind of like sending it into that. But on Ethereum, obviously there's hundreds, if not thousands, of different things you can do. Many people have done tens of thousands of transactions over the lifetime of their Ethereum account, and a lot of those transactions would have gone through Infura. Now, obviously it's not something that most users are aware of, because Infura is the default, because most users will never actually touch their RPC, especially if they're changing their kind of like their Ethereum mainnet RPC, they might touch it to go on to Optimism, onto Arbitrum, or to another kind of like Ethereum-compatible network, but a lot of the time they're not going to change the mainnet RPC, because there's just no reason to, right? And I think just a lot of people aren't aware of what an RPC is, what function it serves, and why it's needed. And it's needed because when you have MetaMask, which is just a client-side wallet, you need to talk to the Ethereum network somehow. You need to submit your transactions into the mempool, which is basically the pool that are kind of like mine is kind of mine, and that's how it gets included into a block. Now, how are you going to do that if you're not talking to the Ethereum network? And obviously, syncing an Ethereum full node takes a few days, it's not a difficult thing to do, but it's not something that we should expect most users to do, especially if they're on mobile devices and things like that. They have to talk to these centralized providers. Now, there's also alternatives to the centralized providers, there's decentralized ones, such as POC network, it's trying to be a decentralized one, there's Flashbots, which I don't think Flashbots are, Flashbots is decentralized, so to speak, but it is an alternative. There's, as I mentioned, Alchemy, which is basically the same thing as Infuri in terms of, I guess, centralization, but it's an alternative at the end of the day, right? There's running your own full node, and then there's initiatives like Lite clients, which basically allow you to verify that everything's running well when you're submitting your transactions, that everything's fine with the network, without having to have a copy of the network on your device, so to speak. And that would obviously be really, really huge for things like mobile devices. Now, Lite clients have taken a back seat over the last few years. I think they'll see much more prominence in a post-merge world, but still, they're not... I don't think... There are initiatives here and there, but I don't think they're that close to reality. It's probably a couple years, maybe, sort of thing. And even then, it would require the providers like MetaMask to include that option, and things like that. So, yeah. That's a breakdown of everything I got to do with RPCs, and infrastructure providers, and all that sort of stuff. And it's not just Infura. I mean, it's also things like the graph, which is basically a middleware layer, which produces a lot of different kind of things for DeFi, especially front ends, and a lot of information that you see is provided by the graph, and a lot of querying stuff is done by the graph. I know the graph is trying to decentralize, because they have a token, they have a plan to decentralize with their network, which is all well and good. And as far as I know, Infura has no plans to decentralize, so we shouldn't be expecting that. So if you really want to protect yourself, I mean, the best thing to do is run your own node, and then just point MetaMask at your own node. That is the best you're going to get. I mean, that is full self-solverine Ethereum experience. Obviously, not everyone's going to do that. Obviously, you're not going to do it if you're kind of like transacting from a mobile phone. Well, then the next best thing would just be to, I don't know, like make sure that you know that there's a bunch of... Well, actually, no, I do know. There's a website, and I can't remember the name of the website right now, that provides you with a list of RPCs that you can use. And just having that website bookmarked, just in case something like Infura goes down, or just in case it starts blocking you in your jurisdiction, you have alternatives. And there's plenty of these things right now. You know, they're all pretty much centralized, but I think we're going to... It's a little while away before we have pretty robust decentralized infrastructure. As I mentioned, Pop Network is working on this, but as far as I know, they're not as robust as we want them to be yet. But, you know, there are people kind of like working on this. And as I said, you can use Flashbots as well, which protects you against front running and general MEV and stuff like that too. So, yeah, that's the kind of like summary of everything that happened there. And I just kind of like wanted to bring up one last point, is that MetaMask can't actually block you from doing anything, like the MetaMask client itself. It is a... Sorry, the MetaMask like browser extension. It is client-side software. The only way you can be blocked from transacting using MetaMask is via the RPC, which as we've seen can happen in FURA, whether it was a misconfiguration error or whatever else, blocked certain users in certain jurisdictions. And they're going to have to comply with law enforcement and sanctions and stuff like that, because they're US-based as far as I know. So don't expect in FURA to be decentralized to preserve everyone forever. And don't expect any centralized RPC to do this, because at the end of the day, if the government comes knocking and says to them, hey, you're running infrastructure that's allowing such and such sanctioned country to do their transactions, we need you to block them. They're going to block them, just like a lot of DeFi front ends are blocking US users. Like for example, DYDX blocks US users, and they're pretty strict on it too. They actually even look for VPNs and stuff like that. That's the front end, right? That's not the kind of like decentralized contracts, but in DYDX's case is a bit hard because they kind of control the whole flow there. But yeah, this is why we basically need to do much more work on decentralizing the entire stack, not just the smart contracts, but like the front ends, the RPCs, just general infrastructure, which will happen over time. But I think that's the biggest risk of this kind of like industry is that if we fail to decentralize that sort of stuff, and we just basically have everything defaulting to centralized infrastructure and centralized front ends and all that sort of stuff, it sucks for the decentralized future and sucks for the decentralized vision. But I think that the saving grace is that the option is always there, all right? Just like how I say the saving grace of L2s is that you can always withdraw your funds to L1 in case anything happens to the L2. The thing about truly decentralized smart contracts is that if you're using a centralized front end and for some reason it goes down or it blocks you from using it, you can always still interact with the smart contracts to another front end or manually. You know, that's the kind of like worst case scenario there, but that's what I find the beauty in this sort of stuff being. But still, we need to make sure that we don't just coalesce around all these centralized infrastructure providers in the long term. Right now, it's kind of like a stepping stone, but they're all very much Web2 things that I don't think have a place in Web3 long term. All right, so we have another merge related update today. So ahead of the Killen testnet going live next week, there's a new merge DevNet that's currently live, which is merge DevNet-5. So it's been launched. The Beacon Chain Genesis happens at 4 p.m. UTC, which has already happened because I saw this yesterday. And the Poop of Work chain has already been launched. The TTD has been set to be really high to let everyone to join pre-merge. So everything can be found at DevNet-5.themerge.dev, very similar to all the other DevNets that I've spoken about on the review before. You can check out things like Explorer, the RPC, all that sort of stuff. I wonder if everything is kind of like launched at this stage. This is the Beacon Chain kind of like Explorer here. I don't know if the kind of like merge has actually happened yet. Maybe I have to check the consensus monitor. Let's see here. I'm just doing a kind of live here. Not sure, not sure, not sure. But yeah, this is a DevNet ahead of the test net going live next week. So just wanted to kind of put this on your radar. I'll link it in the YouTube description for you to go check it out all for yourself. All right, so we know the banger thread from Polina today talking about DAS or Data Availability Sampling, which I've talked about before and you may have heard of it before. But Polina starts to thread off by saying, while DAS remains highly misunderstood and underrated, what you should know is that data capacity is not going to be the bottleneck for much longer. The medium term bottlenecks will be squarely on the execution layer, i.e. how much computation I roll up can process. And then Polina continues, while this report is highly flawed and seems to be oblivious to the wonders of DAS and the report that he's mentioning is Haseeb's report on, I guess, the AMM test of looking at kind of like L1 performance via kind of like AMMs, which I think I mentioned on the refill recently and I said it was kind of like a flawed test, but Polina goes on to say, what it does show is that monolithic execution layers are heavily limited and can only scale up to a 200 to 300 TPS for mildly complex stuff like AMM swaps. And the thread continues, which you can go give a read here. Why I wanted to highlight this was simply because I want you to read this thread, read the things that Polina links to, get familiar with DAS or Data Availability Sampling, get more familiar with just data availability in general and more familiar with bottlenecks such as those at the execution layer that Polina is mentioning here. This sort of stuff is obviously very technical. I wouldn't feel bad if you don't understand it on the surface. I'm not going to claim to be an expert either. You probably don't even know what Data Availability Sampling is, right? And I mentioned before, but I repeat it now. It's basically a way to ensure that data is available without having to have all the validators store all the data of the network. So for example, if you want to scale it up and have like terabytes of terabytes of data on the Ethereum network, you don't want to force every node or validator in the network to have to validate all of that and to have to store it. So there's two ways to tackle that. That's the Data Availability Sampling to basically, using erasure coding I believe, to ensure that the data is available because that's what it's all about, right? If the data isn't available, then this stuff doesn't work. And to do it in such a way where, as I said, not every validator node has to carry the entire thing. And then you also have the state expiry and history expiry and all that sort of stuff as I've discussed before, which basically allows us to say, hey, if this hasn't been used in a while, or if no one cares to keep this thing alive or part of the active state, we're going to expire it. And it's still kind of like exists there. But if you want to revive it, you have to bring the data back yourself. And it's kind of like there's a pointer to it and you have to bring it back yourself. So I highly recommend checking out this thread from Poynter and all the things that they've linked to in it as well. So Greg Vardy from the Nethermind team announced the launch of Nethermind Synthesis today, which is a really cool initiative. So the TLDR of what Nethermind Synthesis is, is basically as I described here, it encompasses a bunch of new things that they're working on at Nethermind. And this is kind of like a non-exhaustive list of what they're working on. So for those of you who don't know, Nethermind is an Ethereum core client. The team is called Nethermind. They've been working on that for a while, but they've also been working on a bunch of other things like warp for StarkNet, which is the transpiler. They've been working on merge related things. I mean, they're an awesome team. They've been doing so much. And funny enough, they've actually grown from 15 employees to more than 100 now, which is awesome guys. Like this is all like Ethereum core development stuff, absolutely awesome stuff going on here. But what they're going to be working on with this kind of like Synthesis initiative is something like things like formal verification and auditing, which is obviously an absolutely massive market right now guys. Like seriously, I don't know how many of you are developers out there, or if you know about this, getting a good auditor these days is both extremely expensive and you have to go into a queue basically. There's just not enough people out there doing auditing and doing formal verification. So it's a very lucrative industry to get into if you have the team members to do it, if you have the expertise under your wing to do it. Fundamental cryptography research, which is right up their alley, right? They're doing core development work both on the Ethereum core protocol and also at layer two. StarkNet development, of course, right? As I said, they've got warp, which is basically allowing people to transpile solidity to the Cairo language and also protocol development, which is what they've been doing all this time anyway with the Nethermind client. Now they go into detail about this and about what their goals are here, what they're trying to do. You can jump into the blog post for details on that. But yeah, I mean, these guys are awesome. I mean, this team is awesome. I didn't realize they had grown so large. I remember donating to them on Gitcoin grants like a long time ago. They'd come out of nowhere and started developing really cool things for the Ethereum ecosystem. And now they're at more than 100 employees, which is absolutely great to see. And they're starting to, I guess, like monetize and get actual revenue. Now I'm sure StarkWare paid them to develop kind of like warp and all the other stuff they're doing for StarkNet, which is great. We obviously want to see these core developers get paid for their work and not just paid, but like an outsized portion. I'm hoping they got a bunch of those StarkWare, future StarkWare tokens, that's for sure. But they don't have to stop there. I mean, I'm sure they're going to be working with other layer twos as well, not just kind of like StarkWare, given that the team is over 100 people, they're going to be doing all sorts of stuff. So I get super excited whenever I see this because of the fact that the core developer teams usually have the smart, like absolute smartest people in the ecosystem working for them. And they're the ones that don't necessarily, you know, not in it for the money, so to speak, they're in it for the tech. And I think Ethereum has the largest concentration of people who are in it for the tech rather than the money. And, you know, if you want to drill down even deeper into that, you just have to look at the core teams and you'll get kind of like more into the weeds there as well. So definitely really awesome to see this. You can go read the full blog post. It will be linked in the YouTube description below. All right, so Polygon is teasing something called a Polygon identity. Now, obviously identity has been an absolutely massive thing, especially over the last few months. Everyone's been talking about it. You have signed in with Ethereum. You have kind of like on-chain identity things that are going on with Gitcoin. There's a bunch of things with Gitcoin, bunch of projects on there, proof of humanity, all that sort of stuff. Everyone's kind of talking about it, right? And for good reason, as I've discussed in the past, you're not going to be able to have like a really vibrant on-chain ecosystem without identity. And identity is going to be really big for things like essentialized social media and being able to kind of like carry your identity with just your Ethereum address from app to app without having to kind of like change anything and also controlling your identity and controlling all your profile information. It's absolutely massive. So to see Polygon teasing that they're jumping into the identity game is really awesome because I mean, as I mentioned before, Polygon is pretty much across everything. They love to just be across everything. They want to kind of like help as much as possible. And we need more teams working on this. Like it's great to have decided with Ethereum slash, you know, kind of like spruce ID team and an ENS team and all that sort of stuff working on it already. But the more the merrier when it comes to this stuff. Identity is a huge thing. It's not just going to be an overnight thing. It's actually more of a long-term thing considering that I believe web three, like decentralized social media platforms are more of a long-term thing, but getting all the kind of like primitives built out now, getting more people familiar with it, making sure that they kind of like know, you know, why it's so important is definitely a big deal. So very cool, very, very cool to see this. There's not more information on this from what I can see. I don't have any inside information for you guys. You guys know I'm an advisor to Polygon, but I haven't kind of like talked to them about this or anything like that. So we're just going to have to see what this entails when they decide to publicly release more information about it. All right, so an update from Optimism today where they said Optimism will be the first optimistic roll-up to deploy system-wide call data compression, reducing fees by up to 40%. And now there's a company blog post you can read about this as well, which I highly recommend reading. I read it earlier today, absolutely awesome blog post, has a bunch of kind of like metrics in it as well. I can quickly show you here of kind of like all the compression methods that they tried and what the estimated fee savings were and what's the most pragmatic. And also kind of like they have dates as well. So this is going live on the Covid testnet on the 17th of the 3rd, and then on mainnet on the 24th of the 3rd. And also this is part of their wider kind of, I guess, upgrade called Optimism Bedrock, which is a release slated for later this year as well. But what I wanted to talk about was call data compression. Now, this is something that I've spoken out before. This is basically, as the name reads, a way to compress the call data so it takes up less space on the Ethereum mainnet, which means that you pay less for more data that you can put on the Ethereum mainnet, which as Optimism is claiming here is going to reduce fees by up to 40%. That's huge, guys. As I've said to you guys, we're going to get to the point very, very soon, before any of the Layer 1 upgrades get in, where these Optimistic roll-ups are going to be doing sub $0.10 swaps. They're already sub $1.00, they're already approaching sub kind of like $0.50. Sub $0.10 swaps is a reality coming soon, especially with call data compression. This, I mean, 40%, it's almost half a reduction from where they are today. I mean, I don't even know what they're at today. I mean, I know this is influenced by Layer 1 gas fees as well, but right now I'm just looking it up on my other screen here. If I go to L2Fees.info, you can see to swap tokens on Optimism right now is only $0.43. So if they take away 40% from that, right, I'll do the math right here, that's $0.25. $0.25 per swap on Optimism. That's so cheap, especially compared to mainnet. Now, of course, as I said, it's influenced by Layer 1 gas prices, which are quite cheap right now, 20 to 30 Gwei, but this is just the beginning of this sort of stuff. They're going to keep optimizing, not just with call data compression, but with a lot more other things going on. And not just them, obviously, Arbitrum is going to keep optimizing too, but this is absolutely awesome to see that they're already doing this, and this is already going to be deployed this month, right? I mean, Optimism kind of had a bit of a slow start and a failed start because that was supposed to launch March of last year, but it feels like they're really ramping up now. I know, as I mentioned yesterday, I showed you some metrics around the Arbitrum ecosystem. That ecosystem is on fire. It's doing really well. It's going really well. There's tons of projects on there. Optimism is a little bit behind, I think, but they're catching up, which is great to see. And as I said to you guys before, I want to see all these layer twos thrive. I want to see them race to the bottom on fees because that, I've said before, the two main things that users care about are cheap fees and fast transactions. And I mean, Optimism and Arbitrum already off of the fast transactions, no problems. It's just getting those fees down to the sub 10 cent level, which, as I said before, guys, I think I've said before on the refill plenty of times that the sweet spot for fees for most people in the short to medium term is like one to 10 cents, I think. And you could even go higher than that for a lot of people, but one to 10 cents, I mean, come on. Like how many of the everyday users, like how many transactions are they doing, right? Like if you're doing like 100 transactions a day, which I don't actually consider to be an everyday user, 100 transactions per day is more of a power user thing. But even if you're doing that, that's $10 in fees a day, right? If it's at 10 cents per transaction. $10 in fees to do 100 transactions, those 100 transactions that you're doing, if you're a power user, it's probably making you way more money in profit than the $10 that you're spending. So when you can texturalize it like that, absolutely amazing. Obviously we can do better than 10 cents. Let's get it down to five cents, then one cent, and then let's get it down to free. Let's just subsidize the cost for everyone by taking them from other places, which is what's probably gonna happen eventually, longer term, not in the short term, but longer term, that's what's gonna happen. And then, I mean, this is what I mean, guys, when I've talked about this a long, long time ago on the refill, like we're up to like over 30, like over 300 episodes right now, but I've been talking about this since basically day one. This is all coming so far. It's not will Ethereum scale. It's Ethereum is scaling right now. Ethereum is scaling much faster than anyone probably anticipated. The fees are dropping dramatically every other week. There is kind of like the next time we get a mass influx of users, they're going to absolutely love Ethereum again. They're not gonna complain about the high fees anymore. They're gonna be able to withdraw to these L2s from centralized exchanges. Obviously a bunch of them already support this, and they're going to have a really, really fun time with Ethereum, which is what I love. And the hilarious thing is, a lot of them probably aren't even gonna know that they're using Ethereum. They're gonna be like, oh, I withdrawed my funds from Binance to Arbitrum. I love Arbitrum. It's awesome. I get to do everything in there, and the fees are cheap. And then a lot of them, some of them might even kind of like shit on Ethereum, say, oh, it's better than Ethereum. Ethereum has high fees. And it's kind of like, well, I mean, you're using Ethereum technically. And then, you know, the whole game starts from there. But yeah, anyway, highly recommend reading this blog post from Optimism. I'm super excited about them getting this call data compression in. I'm sure Arbitrum is not far behind, given the fact that Optimism is kind of like pushing the envelope here. So as I said, guys, competition is the healthiest thing we're going to ever in the layer two space. It's going to make sure that we drop fees down to as low as we can get them. And eventually long-term, I expect fees to be free for the end user. They'll just come from other parts of the ecosystem. They'll still be paid, of course. Like it's not going to be free-free, but they're going to come from other kind of like places. Because unfortunately, or fortunately, whichever way you look at it, Web 2 trained users to want everything for free online. Because obviously in Web 2, everything's paid for via ads. I don't think that's going to happen in Web 3. I think the way the costs are going to be subsidized is that the apps will basically just cover the cost for users because they'll generate the revenue. And DYDX already does this, where basically they generate revenue from their exchange and they pay the gas fees themselves. They don't charge users any gas fees. So if you take that into kind of like account there, it makes total sense. So yeah, very awesome to see this. Go read the blog post. It will be linked in the YouTube description. All right. So A16Z announced today that they have invested $17 million in Lido. This is a crazy big raise, guys. I mean, Lido has raised a large amount of money before from I believe Paradigm led their kind of like last raise here. And they did like a strategic round, like an ecosystem round. They've been raising a ton. And you know what? I mean, I don't know if it's justified about the amount that they're raising, but they have grown really large. I mean, not just with Ethereum staking. They do support a bunch of other staking protocols now. And they're doing a lot of great work. Now, obviously they're not decentralized at this point in time. They're still a centralized service. Obviously, I prefer Rocker Pool right now because it's decentralized. But I think Rocker Pool eventually having competition in the decentralized pool space when Lido actually decentralizes is extremely healthy for the Ethereum staking space. And as I've said before, I don't want any one staking provider to have a monopoly on Ethereum staking. That is not healthy for the network for that to happen. But the cool thing about kind of like Lido is that they kind of like split your stake up between different centralized providers. So I think that they support eight or something on Ethereum providers where essentially anyone who chucks their ETH into kind of like Lido here, that ETH goes to one of the eight centralized providers. And they kind of like work hard to balance that out. And instead of just going into one kind of like large pool. Now, of course, because Lido issues you an st kind of like ETH token or a staked ETH token, it does go into a kind of like pool in that sense. And there are kind of like risks around that. And obviously it's centralized because it's with centralized providers. But still, I mean, this is an absolutely amazing raise for a team that seems to be doing a lot for Ethereum right now in terms of making it easy for users to stake. But one thing that I've seen people say is that they think Lido is decentralized today. They're not guys. Like from everything that I've read, from people that I've talked to, like I've tried to get to the bottom of this to make sure that I'm not missing anything. But no, Lido is not decentralized today. And that's fine. I mean, they have got a plan to decentralize in the future. They've actually got blog posts about it. You can go read it on their medium. But it's not true to say it's decentralized today. But as I said, that's fine for now. I guess congrats to them on this massive monster raise here. I'm sure they're going to put it to good use. And A16Z is obviously a big backer as well here. So cool to see that too. All right. So last up, we have a tweet from Awaki from Gitcoin today who said, Hey, everyone, I have an idea. What if we use Web3 technology to make a utopian future instead of a dystopian one? This is, I think, a constant back and forth within Ethereum, within crypto, within like just the community in general, where there are some, there are good days and bad days. There are days where we're like, yeah, this technology is awesome. It's empowering all these people. It's allowing people to kind of like, you know, get out of war-torn countries, but with their wealth and all that sort of stuff. And that's all well and awesome. Like obviously that's what we're building for. And then there are days where we see scams and rug pulls and bad stuff happening on chain and people doing bad things on chain and scammers getting away with everything. And scan is making tons of money, right? And I think what Awaki is trying to get at here is that we have the power to both kind of like promote the good and change the bad. And we have to use this technology in such a way to promote that utopian future instead of creating a dystopian one. Can it be done? Don't know, right? Maybe it can't be done, but we're going to damn well try, especially Awaki with Gitcoin and with all the other stuff he's doing. He is very big on this and he's trying his ass off to make sure that we head down a brighter future. And I actually believe that you can harness a lot of the quote unquote bad things of this industry in a good way. I've talked about regenerative finance before, which basically harnesses the kind of like degenerative aspects of this industry and essentially kind of, I guess, funnels the kind of funds into the regenerative aspects. And an example of this is kind of like when I did my NFT mint and donated all the funds or most of the funds to core developers. I mean, I don't think anyone degend into my NFT. There were some people that did, some people that bought kind of like a lot of them trying to resell them on the market, but I basically harnessed that activity of people wanting to speculate on an NFT or wanted to kind of like ape into something and basically turned it into a regenerative thing where core developers get the most of the ETH that was kind of raised there. So there's a lot of examples of this happening. Obviously, within Gitcoin, they do matching rounds and a lot of those matching rounds, all that money comes from the speculation that goes on in this industry. Now, speculation isn't a bad thing. I'm not saying that at all. It's not necessarily degenerate thing, but we're harnessing those kind of like aspects for the greater good, for the public goods. And as I said, there's plenty of examples of this happening right now. There's going to be more and more as time goes on, but we have to be very, very careful with how we approach these things. And we really don't want to recreate the same world that we have today. As I mentioned earlier, when I was talking about the Infura stuff, let's not recreate Web 2, you know, where everything around the protocols is centralized, right? Because at the end of the day, it's not going to matter that Ethereum is decentralized if everything built on top is centralized, because the matter of the fact is that people will use their centralized tools and then they won't be able to kind of like experience what we built this technology for in the first place, which was to have decentralization and as a kind of like extension of that security and to basically take control of your own everything, you know, not just your own funds, your own identity, all that sort of stuff, which obviously we want that future to be. So let's keep working at that. I'm going to try everything I can to keep educating around that and keep working towards that. I get, you know, why people kind of like a bit negative on this or kind of like a bit defeated on this because they see all the kind of like DJ and stuff going on. And the reality is that most people are in the in this ecosystem to make money. But as I said, we can harness that. We can turn it into regenerative stuff. It's on us. It's all coordination, as Awaki says. We can do it, guys. I'm very confident that we can. I genuinely have an optimistic outlook when it comes to humanity, even though, you know, the media tries to basically portray things as as worse than what they are. And obviously right now in the world, we need more optimistic thinking. There's a lot of shit going on right now, obviously with the war and stuff like that. And, you know, where, you know, a lot of us are sitting in our comfortable home just watching this play out like it's actually wild, as I've said in the past, to what basically be able to sit on Twitter in my study, surrounded by all my kind of like, you know, my pleasures and just watch people get bombed literally right. Watch people kind of like lose their homes, have to escape war torn, their war torn country for basically no reason. Right. For just because someone wanted some extra land. So I'm not going to get like into the weeds there, but that's just an example of what I mean where I'm kind of like, you know, try to be optimistic. I know why, you know, you can't, but at the same time, focus that energy on trying to make better things within Ethereum, within crypto, trying to make sure that we kind of like don't repeat the mistakes that we have in the Web 2 world and in the kind of like the real world as well. But I think on that note, I'm going to leave it at that for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all next week. Thanks, everyone.