 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the dailygue review. Warri Kup, the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Dan De Sarno and there's the 10th of March 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So, Gitcoin Grants Round 13 is now live. As I mentioned the other day, it was going live today. So I know a lot of you have already donated to both the Dailygue and other grants out there, so thank you so much for doing that. But yeah, as I said, I guess like a few days ago, it is now time to donate to your favorite projects out there. There are a bunch of new projects on there right now and get your donations matched. Obviously, the Dailygue is on there and so is Ethub. I thank you so much for your support there. Don't feel obligated to donate. It's just there for people who want to donate. I always appreciate it, but it is definitely not needed. I much rather prefer you donate to the multitude of other projects that are out there on Gitcoin. And as I mentioned last week, there's over a million dollars worth of matching funds up for grabs. I think a couple million dollars at this stage, which is really awesome to see. So just a reminder there for you guys to go check it out. But there are plenty of other stuff to get through today, so I'm going to move on from that. There is a bunch of merge updates. So it's time to get started testing the merge going again, as Marius from the Go Ethereum team says here. He says, we spun up the Killian testnet to test Ethereum's upcoming move to Proof of Stake. This should be the final testnet before we start merging Ropsten, Rink being girly, which is obviously the testnets that are the main testnets that are part of the Ethereum network. And this thread that Marius has put together explains how you can get involved. So I'm not going to go through the thread, I'll link it in the YouTube description. But the reason why you would want to get involved is what Tim Byko is saying here. The amount of data that they gather on Killian can directly influence how soon that we are ready for the actual merge, right? You know, the mainnet merge. This is the time for application tooling, infrastructure providers, and developers to test things. If there are bugs, now is where we want to find them. And Tim was quote tweeting Super Fizz who said, let me say this as plainly as possible. Killian is the big milestone for the Ethereum merge. I urge you once again to participate in this testnet. And I look forward to delivering a pull up to every participant. It's showtime friends. And as I said, Marius's thread here goes through how you can participate. And there's also, I guess, a link to everything from Parathos here. So you can find the configs at kiln.themerge.dev. And this will allow you to get started kind of running the software to test the merge. So if you're so inclined, definitely do this because we need all the testing we can get. As Tim Byko mentioned that we, if there are bugs, we want to find them now because I mean, as I've mentioned plenty of times, if there are no bugs found, if everything seems to be going well and nothing breaks and everything kind of like merges correctly and continues on correctly, then what's up after that as kind of like Marius said here is merging Robst and Rinkaby and Girly and all that sort of stuff. And then after that is a mainnet. So we are so close guys. Oh my God. I feel like not enough people are talking about this. Like it's just crazy how a few months ago everyone was talking about it and now it's kind of quiet, but I think that's because a lot of people have left the ecosystem at this stage. Obviously the price of ETH and just general crypto is not too hot right now. It's, you know, the funny thing is the market is doing exactly what it did in 2019. It's such a weird feeling to see it again where it pumps and then everyone's like, Oh, is this it? Is this it? We're going back into a bull market and then it dumps down again. And I remember explaining to a friend when we were in the bull market, I said to him and it's because it was his first cycle. He didn't realize what it would be like. I said, look, it's not going to be like this forever. The bull markets come and go. And the worst is when we kind of like go into what's called a crab market or a sideways market where every pump gets sold down and you know, it kind of like really mentally drains on you, especially if you're watching the charts all the time. So obviously that is scaring away a lot of people. People aren't interested anymore, but that's fine. You know, for those of us who are interested, there's just so much going on with the merge. It's just crazy. Like it's crazy that we're so close. I mean, we're in March guys. This could be happening in June, like April, May, June. It's three months away. Three, four months away. Even if it happens in July, it's so close and it's going to happen before we know it at this stage. So very, very much looking forward to that, of course. But as I said, if you want to get involved, now is the time to do so. Do not dawdle, do not wait. This is your time to get involved. This is your time to help out on kind of like the testing side of things. And as Super Fizz said, you will get a pop out of it as well. So if you are into collecting pops, which all of you should be, of course, then this is the best way to kind of like get one of the rarest ones because obviously apart for testing the merge test net is only going to come around once. Right. So definitely get involved there. I'll leave all these links in the YouTube description and you can go check it out. Oh, actually one more thing about the merge. Sorry. Before I move on is that the vegan chain Genesis will be Friday at 1400 UTC. The power chain has already started or the proof of work chain has already started and the core devs expect the proof of work phase to last at least a week. So you can deploy your smart contracts now to know how they behave pre and post merge. If you're a developer, deploy it to the killer and test net and then once it merges, you'll be able to see them on both sides of the merge, which is very, very cool to see. And finally, around the merge, Sigma Prime, the developers of Lighthouse have put together a update number 40, which goes through the remaining work for Lighthouse to do before the merge. So if you just said in more merge related stuff, definitely give this a read. This is coming from a client developer's perspective, which is always a really, really awesome rate. All right, so I have a bunch of rocker pool things to get through today's four different tweets from rocker pool. So this first one comes from a JCRTP who says, who tweeted out a question came up during the Twitter spaces about rocker pools, client diversity. Here's a snapshot of the current distribution per mini pool validator. Thanks to 0xinvis for the discord bot that generates these charts on demand. It's nice to see E3Nimbus getting more love. Now, as I mentioned before, rocker pool is really, really great on the client diversity side. They care about client diversity more than any other staking service or staking pool out there by far, really. I mean, look at this kind of like distribution here. Lighthouse is at 45%, Tiku's at 25%, Nimbus at 17%, Prism at 7%, 0.7% unknown, and 4% haven't had a proposal yet. So it's obviously can't kind of attract those yet. But this is crazy. I mean, Prism is in the minority here, guys, like, whereas Prism is the super majority right now on the kind of like beacon chain main net. So this is really awesome to see. This means that rocker pool kind of like validators have made the conscious decision to not use the super majority client, or at least most of them have, and to use the other clients. And it's really great as JCRTP here said, it's great to see Nimbus and even Tiku getting the love because they are the minority client at the end of the day. Like Lighthouse and Prism are the leaders right now, I believe, and Nimbus and Tiku are behind. But this is just kind of like all flipped on its head. We have Lighthouse at number one, Tiku number two, Nimbus number three, and Prism number four. So very, very cool to see this kind of like client distribution going on here on the rocker pool side of things. And I think we can revisit this in six months, 12 months, see how this distribution kind of fares. But I'm really glad that the super majority client Prism is actually the lowest tier on rocker pool. Now, could another client become a super majority over time? Of course it can. Of course it can. And that's why client diversity is not just like a one and done sort of thing. It is an ongoing thing. It requires a community to keep calling it out, to keep the beacon chain healthy, and to make sure that we're not just kind of like replacing super majority client being Prism right now with a different client and still having a super majority. And for those of you who don't know, a super majority client is defined as a client that has more than 66% of the total validator share. Now the reason why this is bad is because that's over two thirds of the validator share. And if there was something that was to go wrong, there was a bug or anything like that, then people could stand to lose a lot of money and it would require social coordination to reverse or to kind of like change. And it just very, very messy. So we want to see each client having no more than 50% ideally, definitely less than 66%, but 50% or less is probably the sweet spot there. So I haven't seen any updates on the main net distribution yet. I'm sure there's going to be updates out there soon, but Rocker Pool is absolutely killing the game here with the amount of kind of, I guess, people that they have going with the other clients and not Prism. Not to say that Prism is a bad client as usual, but of course we want to see more client diversity there. All right. The second update out of Rocker Pool is this pool that I've been talking about for quite a while on the refuel, the REth WSTEth curve pool that allows you to basically stack your ETH staking yield with other yields such as token rewards. So you can see here that Jasper the Friendly Ghost, who's been a big proponent for this pool has basically put out a screenshot today showing the yield that you can currently get in this pool. So the min APY is 26%, the max APY is 65%, and currently Jasper's APY at time of screenshot was 26%. That is a huge amount. This is an ETH yield, guys. Absolutely crazy. Obviously that's probably not going to sustain because this is early days for this pool. It's definitely got a bit of added risk to it and there's not that much kind of like liquidity in it just yet, kind of compared to the fact that there will be more liquidity in the future. But still, if you're interested in taking this risk and you want to stake your ETH and you want to kind of get more, I guess, rewards on your ETH, 26% ETH denominated returns can't go wrong with that. I mean, that's just crazy, right? Like I mean, Vanilla ETH staking gives you like 4% or 5% right now and post merge you'll probably be around 10% or something like that. So this is just kind of like quadruple, you know, five times the current normal Vanilla staking yield and then over double the post merge staking yields here. So it really, really, I guess, cool to see this. And this is, sorry, this was the topic of today's newsletter where I spoke about a concept called Yield Burger that I don't know, I don't think I came up with that. I heard someone else kind of like say it a while ago, but it's basically this concept of layering on top, kind of like token rewards or liquidity mining rewards on top of each other to create like a really high yield. Now this was done obviously in DeFi summer. This became quite lucrative. It was obviously very risky, but the APYs went up really high when you did this and you know, people kind of made a lot of money if they were in earlier in these things, if they put a lot of money into it and they're still alive and well, it's still happening in the ecosystem today, but it's being done in a, I guess less risky way in a more kind of like sustainable way. Because back then in DeFi summer, basically what you would do is you'd basically just throw an amount of money into an unaudited random fork of some other project that books probably unaudited and it was just kind of like really risky. Yes, you could get make a lot of money, but the risk was super, super high. So obviously throwing your RE or WST or both into a curve pool is much, is much safer because curve is, you know, been around for a while. It's been audited, it's safe, it's all well and good, relatively safe. Like nothing's foolproof, but you know, relatively safe there. And you're getting like a very, very nice yields on this at the moment. So if you're interested in that, you can definitely go check that out. I think that's really, really cool. And obviously earning a, you know, eighth yield, you can never go wrong with that. Right. All right. So there's two more Rockerpool updates to get through. So this one is about their new staking UI. So you can go to stake.rockerpool.net and there's a new interface with a bunch of improvements, such as a wallet panel, transaction estimates, more intuitive RE exchange rate and help and much more. So you can check it out at the URL that I just mentioned stake.rockerpool.net. Maybe I can load it up here for you guys. Hopefully it'll, it'll load. Yeah, there we go. It's loaded for me there. So yeah, this is nice. Very orange, right? It's kind of like turned my whole face. I have face orange here, but, uh, yeah, this basically just allows you to stake eight and receive RE. And it tells you your kind of like average return, which is 4.3, 3%, which is obviously the vanilla staking yield right now. It's got some transaction details here as well. This is very similar to obviously just a normal swap interface, like uni swap and things like that, which I've said to you guys, this is what we want to see. We don't want to see all the fancy complicated stuff. We just want to see people see stuff that people are used to, especially if we're trying to get people more involved with each staking. Basically one of our rocket pools goals here is to make it as easy as possible for anyone to stake their eighth and any amount of eighth. So very, very cool to see this new interface from them. So definitely go check that one out. And finally, uh, rocker pool shared a chart today with the caption. This is what a decentralized staking pool looks like. Now you can see here that a validators per node is quite decentralized and quite distributed. So, uh, my, uh, I guess my, um, camera is cutting off the left hand side of this chart here. So there is one validator, uh, per, per kind of like node and there's about 475 of them. And then it tapers off greatly. Now the explanation here is that, uh, as I've mentioned before, there are two parts to staking on, on a theory and there are two pieces of software that everyone runs or three, if you count an eighth one node, but like two on the eighth, two side or the consensus layer side is a beacon node and a validator. Now one beacon node can be home to many validator clients. So if you have 10 validators, you can make them all talk to your one beacon node and that's fine. But the thing is the beacon node is the full node. That is what holds kind of like the chain. That is what kind of, um, you know, keeps up to the head with the chain and validates the chain. Uh, it's kind of like an eighth one full node. So we want as much of them online as possible. There's currently, I think four or 5,000 of them online. Obviously, a lot of people won't spin up extra beacon nodes if they don't have to because they, you know, they're, they're, they're kind of like heavy on the storage space and things like that. Um, so they'll just point their validators to, to the beacon nodes here. But a rocket pool seems to be different here, just like on the client diversity front. They seem to be doing very, very nicely here with the validators per node and the amount of nodes they have in their network. So very much love to see this. Um, and, and, and, and also I think this is, I actually, I'm not totally sure if this is showing the beacon nodes or the rocket pool nodes. I'm going to assume it's showing the rocket pool node. Someone's going to correct me on this. Um, maybe I'll scroll through the comments, but, uh, but yeah, I think, um, you know, regardless of that, I think, uh, uh, having more nodes in the network, having more of the and per validator is very healthy in general, both on the rocket pool and the Ethereum side of things. So very, very cool to see this, uh, from a rocker pool. All right. So Darren, uh, Liao here from, uh, three, not three Liao capital has shared a, I guess article from, uh, Calcas Calcal Calcalis tech.com that is covering stock where's a new fundraising around. So apparently they're raising more money. This would be their series D round. Um, and it's set to value them at a $6 billion valuation and they're set to raise another a hundred million dollars. This is massive and not unsurprising considering the fact that immutable just raised at a $2.5 billion valuation, I believe, and immutable users stock where's tech and obviously stock where is, is a big name within the Ethereum space within the scaling space and the layer two space. They've been doing a lot of great work for many years now. Um, and you know, I feel like investors just want to throw money at them. Now there's no details about which investors are going to be kind of like in this round. It's still very early days from, from what the article seems to state. This information came from someone who works at stock where, but I mean, this isn't surprising to me at all. As I said, guys, like there are so many big investors out there that are throwing money at this stuff. I spoke about this yesterday at the, at the end of, um, yesterday's episode where I basically said that there are billion dollar funds out there. They need to allocate. They want to allocate to the best things that they can allocate to. And there is probably nothing better than layer two teams right now, scalability teams in general to allocate to, uh, because they are all obviously extremely, um, extremely, uh, needed for the ecosystem and they already have product market fit in my mind. Like everyone knows that block space in general has product market fit. And what these layer twos is just do is just give us more block space. Obviously it's very simplified version of it, but that is, you know, the thesis at the end of the day. So very, very cool to see this. Um, you know, I have brought up in the past before about how I took a bit of an issue with how stock where it was conducting their fundraisers because they allowed certain parties into the round, such as Alameda research and three arrows capital who have been critical of a theorem in the past, especially three hours capital out there. Um, and it may have been critical of a theory. I'm just kind of like scaling journey. So I'm not sure why they allowed those investors into their rounds. I'm curious to see who is in this round, who leads this round. It may not be crypto native investors because at this level of kind of, I guess, I'm sorry, this later stage of fundraising, a series series kind of like D rounds. It's usually these kind of like more traditional firms that come in at this stage, just like we saw with the immutable X raise. So I'm curious to see who is both leading this and participating in it. Um, but yeah, I guess like I'm going to have to keep an eye out for more information on this and we'll see how this evolves over the coming months. All right. An update from ZK sync today. So the ZK sync 2.0 portal has been upgraded. You can now pay network fees in any token, not just eighth, a block Explorer added and multiple UX improvements. You can request tokens from the force at the triad out here at portal dot zk sink.io slash bridge slash a four set. So I spoke about this, I don't know if it was this week or last week about this concept of paying network fees in any token. And I said, you know, I mentioned how like I thought it was a good thing. I thought that we had to abstract away as much complexity as possible. But the ultimate settlement currency is always going to be eighth because zk sink needs to pay a theorem to settle on a theorem and a theorem only accepts eight for fees because of AIP one five, five, nine, including that base fee there. So some people like to spin this as a bearish thing. They're like, Oh, if you don't need to use eight for fees, then what's the point of eighth. And I explained last time how there's so many more use cases for eighth and it's just totally bizarre to me that people would say that. But yeah, I'm not going to rehash all of that, but just wanted to kind of, I guess, highlight that in the context of this. They've also added a block Explorer, which is very needed. Of course, you know, we can't have a layer two network without a block Explorer and multiple UX improvements. Now you have to connect your wallet here to seal this. I'm not going to connect my wallet for now, but you can go test this. And this is on test net, by the way, this is not main net is on the girly test net. So you're going to need testing that Ethan and I, and tokens, not main net Ethan tokens, and you can get them from the various four sets, you know, one here. And then there's another one that you can go to, which is linked in the in the Twitter thread as well. So it's very, very cool to see this. I think, you know, all these layer twos really ramping up the development process, really ramping up their releases. They're all in cutthroat competition with each other, especially the CK teams. It seems like everyone's building a CKVM right now. And they're all kind of like fighting each other over and being like, you know, my CKVM is better. No, mine's better. I'm going to bring my test net out now. And then I'm going to bring my main net out before you. And we're going to have all the apps on here, blah, blah, blah. Look guys, at this stage of the rollout, I have no idea who's going to win this race. And by win, I mean become the dominant player. I have absolutely no idea what users are going to prefer to use. I feel like the tech underneath is going to feel very similar. It's going to be instant transactions, cheap transactions. And really at the end of the day, the winners and losers and dominant players are going to be decided by marketing and business development. Just like anything, it's going to be decided on how much outreach these ecosystems do, how much money they throw at people to build on them, how much of a community they formulate. And the same stuff we always want to see of these kind of like networks. Obviously the stuff that we see in Ethereum and is a big reason why Ethereum has succeeded. But at this point in time, it's anyone's game. There's no dominant player yet, I don't think. Yes, there are teams that are further along in their roadmap than others, but none of the CKVMs are on main net. The optimistic roll-ups that are on main net are just kind of like getting to the point where they're basically reaching Ethereum main net parity in terms of like the main apps. Obviously, haven't reached user parity yet and it being a bear market, there's not that many users around right now. So it really is anyone's game at this stage. And that's why the competition is so fierce because winning this game is a trillion dollar opportunity. It's not a billion dollars, not 10 billion, not a hundred billion. It is a trillion dollar opportunity. As I've explained before, a layer two network and a layer one network that has the most usage on it when it takes over the world, essentially everyone's using it. That's a trillion dollar opportunity. So of course the competition is going to be cutthroat. Of course, every single one of these teams wants to win, wants to be the dominant player, wants to be part of that 80% in the kind of like pretty distribution there. And as I said, it's anyone's game. I don't think anyone can kind of predict who's going to win now, but we're going to have to see how that plays out. It's going to be a game that plays out over many years. It's not going to be decided this year or next year or the year after. I think it is still a five to 10 year game. And we may say, you know, start seeing kind of like winners and losers shake out in a couple of years. But even then, I don't know, I feel like that would be still too early to tell and we'll have to see how it plays out. I know to write off the optimistic roll up teams either they're doing a lot of great work. And as I've said before, they're going to get the sub 10 cent transaction fees eventually too. So they're going to live side by side. It's all going to come down to marketing, business development, integrations as well as a big part of it too. And what users prefer to use at the end of the day and what developers prefer to develop on. Those are the main factors at the end of the day when it comes to these layer two networks. All right, speaking of layer twos, our last update here out of optimism. So they're introduced their Canon technologies today, which is their next gen of faultproof architecture and it is coming soon. It enables optimal data costs. If it effortlessly preserves even equivalents and its very first bug bounty goes alive today. So you can check out the blog post for more information on this and how it all works. It's very technical of course, but if you want to read it, you can very cool to see this optimism. They're making all the right moves lately after their false kind of like start last year. You know, I was talking to someone today and I was saying, you know, it's funny how like the last year in the L two spaces being, you know, a year ago in March, optimism was supposed to launch and they ended up delaying. And then, you know, they launched kind of like soft launch in like July and then they kind of like did their remove their white list a few months after that. And obviously I'll be trying to beat them to the punch with it with a main net launch without the white list. But it's all coming together now I think for both of both of the optimistic roll up main optimistic roll up networks, optimism and arbitram. They both have busting ecosystems. Their tech is getting better all the time. They're lowering the fees. Can't go wrong here. But yeah, if you want to learn more about optimism's Canon technology, definitely give this blog post a read. All right. Actually there's one more layer two thing and this is more of a broad discussion. I put out a tweet today where I said every single Ethereum user should be taking advantage of these low gas prices to bridge some assets into layer two. Don't wait until gas is at 100 plus a way again to do it. So if way is under 20 I'm pretty sure bridging into these things costs less than $10 right now. Obviously this is not super cheap. It is still $10 you know in fees but bridging in really at the end of the day you only have to do it once to optimism to enter arbitram. The other ones maybe more than once but I'll explain why only once to optimism and arbitram bridging eighth you have eight for fees. If you want other tokens you can just sell or buy other tokens. Sorry you can just sell eighth for other tokens on these networks. Now obviously they're not going to have every token out there. They're going to have the major tokens and then you can use your Ethan all the different apps out there. You can buy NFTs with it on there. You can participate in the money markets whatever. So you that $10 ish fee at 20 gray. I mean I know Grace 40 right now but at 20 gray is okay. It's okay to eat. I think if people have a few thousand dollars to play with then $10 is just the cost of doing business. If you've only got $100 to play with then totally $10 is going to eat into your money there and you know even bridging in from a I guess centralized exchange is still around $10, $15 anyway so that's not going to help you. I think the cheapest way to get into a layer two in that kind of like that place would be to essentially what you would do is you'd go through something like crypto.com I think or one of these kind of like direct fiat on ramps onto the layer two. They're going to charge you probably two to three percent rate or something like that but that's less than the $10 charge. So if you it depends on like the amount right if you are only paying up a hundred bucks then it's worth it because you're only paying two to three bucks then but if you're playing with like a thousand dollars well that's $20, $30 that's more than the fee would cost you to go in from layer one. It doesn't make sense for you to go and use one of these services. So there's the and the reason why Ethereum gas fees aren't based on percentages of the value is because the Ethereum direct doesn't care about the value of the token or the value of the NFT that you're moving. All it cares about is the gas cost and the gas cost is obviously dictated by the different opcodes and the different kind of like code that's being run in background and how much computation it takes up. So it doesn't matter if you're moving a million dollars of ETH or $10 of ETH it's going to cost the same amount or around the same amount as sort of thing very very close to to each other there. So so yeah anyway and what I wanted to kind of like talk about as well as I've got a few minutes left here about about kind of like getting onto layer twos now is because you're going to you think kind of like 100 gwei you know hasn't been around for a couple months now you think to yourself ah you know I've got time I've got time. You don't guys like gwei can go up really really quickly depending on market conditions it can change rapidly like I was actually just looking at this a couple of hours ago gwei was 20 now it's 45 I don't know why it's 45 I mean you can go to ultrasound.money and see if there's some NFT happening but I doubt it now it's gone up to 49 you know this can change so rapidly and we can we could be back to 100 plus gwei gas prices before you know it so don't wait when you see gwei at like 20 or below golden golden level the guess it could probably go lower than that maybe you can go to sub 10 if the market really dies but really at the end of the day 20 gwei around that is the best you're going to it's probably one of the some of the best gwei prices you're going to get or gas prices you're going to get take advantage of it don't wait don't dawdle do it now because if gas hit you know if gwei is at 100 bucks bridging into these 100 gwei sorry bridging into these L2 is going to cost you like $50 at least or something like that right and that's obviously getting into kind of like the ridiculous territory there but as I said as we get more of these centralized exchange bridges online more of these kind of like direct fiat on ramps that that kind of like allow you to do things with cheaper fees it's going to be much better for for the end user then as I said I think you know albertram optimism you know obviously the polygon POS chain is in a layer 2 but you can bridge into that they're probably the three main ones that I would bridge into right now just because they have the most things to do on there obviously other things are live such as kind of like zigzag exchange on zk-sync but that's really all you can do on zk-sync and donate on git coins there's not that much right now stark net obviously is in very early alpha stages not much to do on on there there's some other like an optimism forks and stuff there are some things to do there but if you want the big the best bang for your buck right now I would bridge into albertram or optimism and the polygon POS chain in terms of like how much activity or how much stuff each chain has to do from my reading it would go the polygon POS chain which obviously isn't a layer 2 but still there albertram and optimism but I think albertram and optimism are getting you know pretty close to each other at this point in time but the polygon POS chain is definitely like very far ahead because they've been they've had long that's a kind of I guess develop their ecosystem out but that's the kind of like order I would go with so get onto these l2s today guys don't wait don't dawdle and you get to experience fast transactions with cheap fees you know who doesn't love that right but on that note I think that's gonna be it for today so thank you everyone for listening and watching be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet give the video a thumbs up subscribe to the newsletter join the discord channel and I'll catch you all tomorrow thanks everyone.