 Hello everyone, welcome to another episode of the Daily Gray Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, Dan Theis, a signer and taser 10th of June 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So we have a tweet from Danny Ryan here today talking about the Ropsten merge. So he said Ropsten merge was a major success. If this were mainnet, I'd be jumping for joy. Congratulations to everyone involved. Quick discussion and contextualization of issues seen during their transition below. And thanks to Parathos here for the details. So you can see kind of like in these tweets, Danny goes on with the details where he says 14% of validators had downtime at the transition and 9% were due to the Nimbus team's config issue, which I talked about yesterday. And this was fixed with a CLI change and a redeploy. 1.8% was due to a known concurrency bug in Nethermind required a reboot for some nodes. And 2.5 to 3% were Nimbus based through a WebSockets problem, a swap to use HTTP. So not major issues at all, very, very minor issues that were easily fixed. And then Danny Ryan continues, if these were the issues observed during the mainnet transition, 9% operated with a configuration problem and two small bugs affecting a minority of stakers that can be fixed locally, no new code deployed, then it would be considered a resounding success. Fantastic work. And I mean, this is exactly what I said yesterday, guys. The Ropsten merge could have obviously gone better. Like there could have been no validators having any downtime. But the fact that this downtime was related to such minor things, especially most of it being related to a config issue is very, very positive, I think. Now, obviously, we'll see how the rest of the public testnets go from here. But yeah, it's great to see kind of like Danny, you're putting this out like as a kind of vote of confidence as well and basically saying, you know, if this was a mainnet merge, then he'd be very, very happy with this. Because as I mentioned yesterday, the bigger training is extremely resilient. So if this was to happen on the mainnet merge and we had 15% or 14% of validators having downtime at the transition, you know, more times than not, there would not be a kind of like code change required or any kind of like fork required. It would just be on the client side of things, which is obviously what we want to see. So even if this was to happen on mainnet, it is not a showstopper. It is not anything of a big deal. It is literally just kind of like pretty much expected, I think, at some points, you know. And the funny thing is, is because the beacon chain is so resilient, this can actually happen in say like a year after the merge where some clients or some kind of like validators drop off the network due to a bug in their code or something like that, just one of the clients, not the other ones. And then they could get fixed and then they could kind of like restart and participate again. But this is exactly why, you know, people like SuperFiz were going on about client diversity so much because obviously the more dominance a client has over the network, the more effect it has. So for example, when Prism had over two-thirds of the network, if there was a bug in Prism and if something went wrong with Prism, then that bug would have affected the entire network and would have potentially led to the network finalizing on the bug chain. So that's why we obviously don't want any client to be a supermajority just in case of things like that, right? So it's not just for the merge, it's for the steady state of the beacon chain really. So it's just very, very promising to see that we are, you know, that that drops and went so well, even though we had like these minor issues, they just kind of like weren't showstopping. There were things that were easily recovered from and I think it's just really, really great. So just wanted to kind of give that shout out there from Danny here. And I mean, all of you know who Danny Ryan is by now, right? I don't think you need to explain it, but for those who don't, the reason why Danny Ryan's word means a lot is because he is one of the main coordinators of the merge effort in general. So, you know, really if you're talking about getting the information from the horse's mouth, from the literal source, Danny is as close as you're going to get pretty much right. And speaking of that, that's a nice segue into the next thing that I wanted to speak about, which was a tweet that I put out today where I said, you know, stop getting your information about Ethereum from low signal, random Twitter accounts. You literally have the core devs active on Twitter who provide accurate and to the minute information about important things like the merge. There's no need to fall for the FUD. And then underneath that, I kind of like linked some of the top accounts here that I follow, or you can just follow me because I retweet all of them, or you can just watch the refill because I talk about all their tweets all the time. But basically like what I always find insane is that right after the Ropsten merge, you had the core devs on Twitter. You even had people doing threads about how it went, the core devs doing threads about how it went. Why would you get your information about the kind of Ropsten transition, just as an example, from random Twitter accounts that don't even tweet about Ethereum? Like I don't understand why people do that. It just makes absolutely zero sense to me. And I think that is obviously like a source of a lot of the bad information out there. And it doesn't have to be. You don't need to fall for the FUD. You don't need to expose yourself to all this noise and all this bad information. There is so much signal out there, not just on Twitter, but through other educational channels obviously on my show, but also on other kind of like channels like Bankless. You can join the core dev discord channel and just read through the conversations there. Yes, it's a bit more work than just reading random Twitter accounts tweet or reading some tabloid piece on the merge, for example. But you're going to get much, much better information and much more reliable information. And if you actually give a shit about keeping up with things as accurately as possible, that's what you should be doing. Or you can just outsource it to someone trusted. I think that I do a pretty good job of covering this sorts of stuff on the refill, but so does Bankless. They obviously have guest episodes, but they also have their weekly roll up. The ethereum.org website is an absolutely amazing resource. There are plenty of good resources. Ben Edgington's What's New in E2 newsletter. Ben is himself a core dev, works with the kind of like TECU team. I mean, you just don't have to go to the bad sources for this information. And there's no need to kind of like take their word as the truth because you can verify that for yourself. So whenever I just, I get so frustrated as an educator, as someone who aims to be one of those high signal people that people will just continuously look at these random Twitter accounts that I have never heard of before. It's actually bizarre to me that people look at this as a signal when you have access to the people building this shit. Like how often do you have access to, for example, the core engineers at Apple that build the technology? You don't, you don't have any access to them. Basically, most people don't. Most people can't view their conversations. There's nothing done out in the open. It's all closed off, right? And you're never going to be able to just like DM one of these kind of core devs and have like a deep conversation with them. Whereas with the ethereum core devs, you potentially can, there's a much higher chance. It's obviously not a hundred percent chance, but there's a much higher chance of it and it's not just kind of like direct communication with them. It's also them kind of like putting out things out in the open because ethereum is an open source, open kind of like platform. It is not doing anything in the shadows or on, on kind of like the, or in a kind of like a closed source world. The only thing that that is doing that shadow related is the shadow folks, but they're again done out in the open, right? It's got nothing to do with, with hiding. Everything's just public. So from that point of view, I just find it utterly insane that people still go to these low information resources for their, for their news. And it's not like the other resources are small either. Bankless is huge. Like just as, just as an example here, the ethereum.org website is the first result you will see when you type ethereum into Google, right? So going on Twitter or on Reddit and following low signal kind of like information on there and like high noise kind of like accounts is not the way to go. It is not the way, as I like to say, uh, the way is following the, I guess people who provide the highest signal and maybe following other people here and there just to kind of like not get stuck in an echo chamber. But I think that's orthogonal to the signal because at the end of the day, from what I've seen from the core devs that I kind of like follow, which is pretty much all of them, they, they, they tend to kind of like stick to just giving information a lot of the time, especially on Twitter rather than getting bogged down in debates or opinionated kind of like a things. And I think it's better that way. I don't think it's good for them to get bogged down in kind of like debates around things on Twitter. I mean, they can do that in the correct channels, but usually they're pretty active in just providing that kind of like signal to people and, and, and getting and filtering out the noise. So definitely, uh, I'll just keep that in mind when you're looking for information about crypto in general. All right. So there's been a bit of chatter around the ST ETH assets today, uh, and I guess over the last few days and about it's quote unquote peg when it's not really pegged to, to eighth on the secondary market. And I put out a tweet where I said, you know, a lot of retail investors might panic out of ST ETH here because they think it's similar to UST and can death spiral. In reality, ST ETH is backed one for one by ETH that he staked on the beacon chain, which means ST ETH can be redeemed for ETH once withdrawals are enabled in the first half of next year, hopefully. Now I want to unpack this a bit for you guys, just in case you don't know what I'm talking about here. You can verify, verify this on chain that each ST ETH is backed one for one. You cannot generate ST ETH unless you put ETH into a contract that it gets forwarded to one of the service providers, one of the staking providers and gets put into the beacon chain. And you can verify all that along the way. Right? So that is on chain verifiable collateral backing ST ETH. UST did not have much backing. It had a bit of Bitcoin backing yet a bit of, um, I guess like Avax backing yet, but there was obviously all that drama around. Did they actually use that to back it because it wasn't programmatically backing it. It was based on Terraform Labs, but most of it was, was kind of like not backed, right? It was not collateralized. It was an algorithmic under collateralized stable coin. And that's what led to the death spiral. ST ETH cannot death spiral because at some price point at whether that's 0.95 ETH or 0.98 or 0.85 ETH, there will be enough people stepping in to take what is called the arbitrage trade there. And I explained to my second tweet what this is, where I said, if you sell ST ETH for ETH today, you are trading on a secondary market, which has a price that floats independent of the reality I outlined in my first tweet, the astute observers among you will notice that this is a relatively low risk ARB you can take advantage of. And what I mean by this is that say, ST ETH drops down to 0.98 on the secondary market and you can buy one ST ETH for 0.98. That means you're basically getting a 10% free, you know, 10% free, free ethos, 0.1 ETH in a relatively low risk arbitrage trade. And the arbitrage basically it's closed when you go and redeem that ST ETH for actual ETH once withdrawals are enabled from the beacon chain, or you can just wait for ST ETH to float back up to, you know, 0.98, 0.99. It shouldn't ever actually trade one for one on secondary because of other kind of like risks associated with it. But if you, if you wait, that could be a trade as well. Now I think the, that's a riskier trade than the the trade of just basically buying it, sitting on it, and then just kind of like redeeming it once withdrawals are enabled on the beacon chain. And honestly at 0.9 and below, I'm a buyer there. Like I'll be, I'll buy ST ETH instead of, instead of ETH because I, I believe that by the time the beacon chain withdrawals are done, sorry, they come around, Lido is not going anywhere. Lido is still going to be here. And, and, and Lido is that, and, and kind of like the service providers are definitely going to honor that withdrawal. I mean, the risk is obviously that they don't honor that withdrawal, but I feel like that's a relatively kind of like low risk there as well. So from that perspective, and also you have like a slashing risk. So if the validators get slashed, I guess like, you know, there's, there's kind of like some, some funny business that can go on there, but in the steady state of things, because ST ETH is backed one to one by ETH, there is no risk of a death spiral unless the, I guess Lido contract was hacked and the ETH was all withdrawn. But that can't happen either because of the fact that the ETH is in the beacon chain. So it would have to happen like post withdrawals are being enabled. And it would, and, and the thing is, is that because it got sent into the beacon chain, because it goes through the service providers, it's not a honeypot, right? It can't actually happen to that contract that stores all of the ETH because the ETH was effectively burned to, on the execution layer side to kind of like go out through the bridge contract to go to the big, the consensus layer side. And now there's, there's obviously a lot that goes into this, but I think my main point is that if you're reading fight about people who say this, this can death spiral or people saying that this is kind of like bearish for ETH and all these things, it's, it's kind of like a really weird take because at the end of the day, if people are panicking and panicking out of ST ETH, they're buying ETH with it. They're trading back to ETH. Now, whether they sell that ETH for stables later on, they may do that, right? But they've already, they've taken a haircut by selling ST ETH kind of like at a discount here. So if they, they, they take a further haircut, you know, you don't know that. And there's also the leverage positions too, which I think if ST ETH was to de-peck to 0.88, it would wipe out all the leveraged staking positions. But again, in order to pay back that debt, ETH would need to be paid back, which means that the ST ETH would need to be swapped for ETH or like ETH would need to be sourced to pay all that back. So I don't see this as being kind of like a thing that would tank ETH or crash ETH. I know the ETH price and crypto in general has been very poor lately, but that's not due to this. I believe that's due to just kind of like the wider market forces playing out. So whenever you see someone talking about the ST ETH, quote unquote, de-peck, which isn't actually a peg because there's nothing keeping, um, ST ETH at one for one with, um, um, a one to one with ETH on the secondary market, right? It's a separate independent thing. The only thing keeping ST ETH one to one with ETH is the, is the mechanism in place for when withdrawals kind of like are enabled, where you can redeem that ST ETH for the ETH in the beacon chain. You can't do that on a secondary market. You can only sell ST ETH for what people are willing to pay for it on secondary market as denominated in ETH there. So just something to keep in mind on that front there. I think it's quite important to understand this, uh, especially if you have exposure here. Uh, and this is again like one of the, uh, I guess risks of liquid staking derivatives or LSDs are pre-merged because of the fact that you can't close that, sorry, pre-withdrawals being enabled, not pre-merge because of the fact that you can't close that up. Once the withdraws are enabled, well, you're not going to see ST ETH really do this again, right? It's going to probably trade at a slight discount because of the other risks I've mentioned. But when you can close the ARB, then it means that like anyone can close it. So there'll be kind of like bots set up and people will close it whenever it gets kind of like too out of whack and there'll be profit to be made and everything like that. So yeah, again, this is nothing like UST, nothing like Terra. There can not be a death spiral. Um, and you know, it's all backed one for one. It's collateralized. But the collateral backing it right now is locked because obviously there's no withdrawals on the beacon chain, but that changes hopefully in the first half of next year. All right. So as tech connect was supposed to ship today, but unfortunately it didn't due to a, I think a few different issues here. So you can read through this thread for a breakdown on this. So basically what they did, uh, kind of like as part of their launch plan, they ran through the following test sequences. They deployed on girly. They tested successfully with large roll up transaction sizes, exceeding 300 kilobytes deployed on main net Ethereum and tested successfully with roll up transaction sizes below gets one 28 kilobyte limit. Then they went on to say, we expect the main net to behave similarly for full size rollups. However sending large transactions on a three and main that was not successful late tonight. The team pivoted to using flashbots, a gift book that supports LA, a sports larger transaction sizes. Given the change to sending transactions via flashbots, there have been some teething issues such as they had a formatting error in their PR, which caused the flashbots transactions to fail. So they are working around the clock to kind of like, uh, I guess, uh, rectify this issue. Obviously they've, uh, identified a simple fix, but unfortunately it is kind of like put a pause on the launch date and they're going to be setting a new timeline here. So a bit of kind of like sad news here, but these things happen, right? Like, I mean, it's not like they're not going to launch. It's just that they've encountered some kind of like 11th hour bugs here that I need to kind of, uh, fixed in order to get this out the door. And just a quick refresher for what Aztec connect is. It basically allows you to use the Aztec layer two network in order to do private defy interactions on there with using layer one. So it's a pretty cool feature, but unfortunately it wasn't able to go live today, but w I'll definitely keep you guys updated on that when it does go live and hopefully it's sooner rather than later. All right. So Amiga labs put out a really great blog post today, uh, saying the analysis of Ethereum to consensus clients. So you can go kind of like check out this blog post here. The 12 minute raid, it's pretty lengthy. It's basically analyzing all the consensus clients on the Ethereum 2.0 side or the consensus layer side, which is obviously a lighthouse Nimbus, prism, tech, and load star. Uh, those are the five clients that are main net ready today. Uh, and also grand dine, which I guess is like a much newer client, um, that has only come out recently. So that was analyzed as well, which is cool to see. So yeah, they do analysis such as kind of like CPU analysis, memory analysis, disc usage, disc rides, discrete, all this, like all the kind of like techie stuff that matters to, I think, largest taking operations more than the smaller, smaller ones, because it can affect profitability. Obviously if you're running a large operation, you have more hardware costs to worry about and all that sorts of stuff. And also network costs to worry about too. So if you're interested in learning all about the different clients, this is probably the most comprehensive analysis that I've seen to date around all the consensus layer clients hopefully they do one for the execution layer clients, obviously get, uh, uh, base to, uh, netherminds and, uh, Aragon. Uh, hopefully they kind of like do that, do that for those clients. But yeah, this is just for the consensus layer side, which is obviously the beacon chain right now. So definitely go give this blog post to read. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right, so the hop token finally launched today. So you can now claim your tokens at the kind of website, your hop app. Hop.exchange slash slash airdrop. Now I want to talk a little bit again about airdrops here and how just, it's kind of funny whenever this sort of stuff happens. I think that I want to profess this by saying that I think hop is an amazing protocol. It's an amazing project. It adds a lot of value to people and they really just getting started and they're doing a lot of great work here. But the problem is, is that one, they're launching a token in a bear market, which I mean, depending on how you look at it, could be good or bad. Two, I think a lot of people got annoyed because they didn't get many tokens in the airdrop, which I think is just more entitlement and I don't like that. I've discussed this on the, on the refill before. I think that people are just way too entitled when it comes to airdrops, but I don't want to open that kind of like kettle of fish again. I do want to, I really do want to focus on the part around launching a token in a barrel bull market. And I talked a bit about token distribution yesterday and about how it doesn't matter how good your token distribution is. If the product is shit, then the token is going to be not going to do anything. But I think there's another important point that I didn't really cover yesterday and that's around launching in different markets. So people often say, well, it's a positive thing to launch in a bear market because the token price doesn't get ahead of itself too much. The token has time to bake, it has time to distribute and people have time to accumulate it. I actually think this is true. I don't think that's a wrong way to think about it. But when it comes to the right and wrong way to think about things, I don't think that the bear and bull cycles are going to matter in the long run. So say you want to hold a token for five years. I'm not going to do 10 years, that's a very long time. Five years is still an eternity in crypto. But say you want to hold something for five years. Could you give me any single token that exists today that you would like to hold for five years that will both outperform USD, which is easy, or outperform ETH, which is pretty hard. So besides ETH, exclude ETH from this. Obviously a lot of you are going to pick ETH. I would pick ETH. But outside of that, can you think of any other token that you would want to hold from today, if you bought it right now, for five years? I can't think of any besides ETH personally and I wouldn't tell you guys anyway if I had some up my sleeve because I don't want to give investment advice here. But that's just a mental exercise for you guys to run through. Now if you can't bring yourself to hold anything from here, which is like the depths of the bear market, or pretty much, I mean, it can go lower than here, but we're pretty deep in the bear market right now. Most of these tokens are 90 plus percent off their all time highs already. And a lot of the ones that are launching are launching at very, very low valuations compared to what they would have launched in the bull market. So if you can't bring yourself to buy something today to hold for five years, to have enough confidence in that token, right, to hold it for five years in order to outperform not only USD but ETH, well there is, therein lies the problem. So and then it goes back to what I was saying yesterday about, okay, well, why don't you want to hold any of the tokens for that long? And you kind of look at what's backing up that token, which is obviously the project. Well that means you don't have any faith in any of these projects to kind of deliver value to their token. Not necessarily to grow as a project because we've seen a perfect example of this where the Uniswap project continues to grow but the UNI token doesn't grow alongside it. It went up during the bull market but it's pretty low today, right? It's basically not much higher than when it first started trading. So when you take all that into account, you can really kind of make the connections here between the fact that it doesn't really matter between kind of like a bull and bear market. If you can't bring yourself to buy any of these things in what is the depths of the bear market, well then there's your answer right there. Now in saying that, I think that over the years we've gotten better at a slower pace than I would have liked at token distributions, token design, token value accrual. I think ETH has led the way here and led the charge here. And I think ETH is pretty much, I would say, the only token or coin in the entire crypto ecosystem that both deserves its current valuation and is undervalued based on its current everything, right? I mean there are studies out there that have kind of run the math and said that ETH should be worth at least $6,000 today. Now there's obviously different assumptions baked into that but I think that ETH is really the only thing that deserves it. I don't think Bitcoin deserves its current valuation at all. I think Bitcoin should be worth more than zero, obviously. I think there's a lot of people that get a lot of value out of Bitcoin. I think there's many different reasons that people would like to hold Bitcoin and why it's worth what it is. But based on the same factors that I attribute to Ethereum, I don't think Bitcoin should be worth what it is. I think it's overvalued. So in my mind, the only thing that I can look at right now and confidently say that I'm willing to hold for five years and that I believe is undervalued is ETH. I know that might be a cop-out answer. I know that might not be the answer people want to hear. But I look at all these other tokens, even the ones that have been slaughtered, and I look at them, I'm like, okay, some of them could potentially outperform ETH here. But not only do you have to pick the one that outperforms ETH, you have to hold it for long enough to outperform ETH and sell it at the right time. So the thing is that if you want to hold a token for five years, I mean, there's been very, very, very few that you could have actually held for five years and made money on because five years ago was 2017, right? So imagine you bought it at the beginning of 2017 and held it till today. You would not have outperformed ETH with any token, anything from 2017, I think, if you bought in 2017 over the last five years. I don't think anything has outperformed ETH in that time. And there's obviously coins that launched later that may have slightly outperformed it, but the risk-reward there is out of whack as well. So I think that's something to think about when it comes to judging why you want to buy a token or why you would buy a token. And it's not supposed to be investment advice, but this goes back to what I always say, where it's kind of like, there are certain things in my mind that I always run through, and that's why I'm so bullish on ETH and why I always come back to ETH, because I've thought about these things time and time again. And yes, I do a lot of early-stage angel investments and things like that, but I view them as distinctly separate. Like, I'm talking about public markets, I'm not talking about private markets, but there are private market ones that just got completely out of whack, and there's no guarantee that I win on any of those investments, right? Not even against ETH. But also, for me personally, the angel investing is like half the kind of money thing, but half I just want to be closer to the teams that I'm most bullish on. And the easiest way to do that is for me to have a monetary stake in them, because then I get to be on the investor list, I get to be on the emails, I get to hear about things that they're doing, I get investor updates, which I really love, and I kind of love being basically as close as possible to the source, because that's a major reason why I do it. But yeah, I mean, the public and private markets are pretty separate to each other, and they both get overheated in their own ways, but I'm purely talking about what you can buy on public markets for the next five years from today. I don't see much. And I'm not just saying that because I'm not really a degen anymore, I'm literally trying to think like a degen and be like, okay, what would I hold? And I just can't come up with anything. If you guys have anything, definitely put it in the Discord channel, your own suggestions, because there's a lot of people in there always searching for these sorts of things, but as I said, I'm never going to single out any token, and this wasn't even supposed to kind of single out Hop or anything like this, but this got me thinking a lot. When Hop kind of dropped and it's in a bear market, and then people are like, oh, it's dropping in a bear market, that's actually a positive. I'm like, eh, it depends on all these other factors. You can't just rate a token based on one variable. There is like a million variables, and as I said yesterday, the most important to me is does the project have product market fit? Because if it doesn't, the token is fucking worthless, unless it has a call following behind it. Obviously, there are exceptions to the rule. I think Cardano is a perfect example where their project doesn't really go anywhere, right? It doesn't have much, if anything, in terms of usage, but it's still worth a lot. But most things aren't like that. Most things don't have a cult following around Charles, for example, right? So yeah, just something to consider. I'm going to stop it there because I rancid for a bit there, but I just always see people talking about this in the Discord channel. I just love giving my two cents here because this is based on my experience. This is based on a lot of research and kind of like time spent thinking about this. Literally, I think about this a lot, guys, because it's just something that I think that as an industry, we do need to keep improving, like token distributions, token value accrual mechanisms, because if everything just dies against ETH over the long term, well, it's actually not very positive. It dissuades people from doing things, and the second order effects of that are kind of tough to quantify, but I don't think they're actually bullish long term. So I would like to see tokens actually do well, but right now I just don't see any in their current iteration, at least that would hold for five years. But maybe you guys do. So definitely drop it in the Discord channel and maybe the AirDrop channel, the prices channel if you do. I'd love to hear your thoughts around that. All right. So today we also have the OP governance update number one, which just dropped. So you can go read this thread for kind of like what's going on with optimism governance right now with the OP Stimpak, the token house, voting cycles, all that good stuff there. And on the topic of optimism as well, I just read before, it seems that the hacker has returned most of the funds to Wintermute. So they seem to be taking the bounty from Wintermute, I believe, which was 1 million OP, I think, which is pretty cool to see. I'm not sure exactly on the details. I may be getting this wrong. I only saw a couple of tweets before I started recording, but it seems that the hacker has returned the funds, which is, I guess, a good outcome. But like, I think from going forward, not just optimism, but like every project out there needs to be paying closer attention to these things. Like if you're going to have a token on L2 only, then you need to make sure that, you know, if you've got a market maker or someone else you're sending tokens to, you need to make sure that they have an L2 address, not an L1 address, right. That they've given you to kind of like send tokens to. And I mean, normal address, it's kind of like doesn't matter because obviously a normal address maps to kind of like layer two here. But because of the way the old notice is safe kind of like worked, it was a different thing where it didn't map one to one and someone could redeploy it. And, you know, I went through this yesterday and you probably read Kelvin's thread yesterday. So something to keep in mind there. But yeah, go read this governance update from optimism governance here. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right, so I just wanted to hide this thread here from DCF Pascal who put together a thread on a Starkwares cohort of a weird amalgamation of endearingly strange group of builders with a focus on games. So this is basically a thread about all the, or maybe not all of them, but like a lot of the games that are currently being developed on Starkware and on StarkNet and all that sort of stuff. It's pretty cool. There's a lot of accounts kind of like linked here as well. To follow along with, I'm linked here too. But basically I've noticed this as well. Starkware seems to be becoming, or at least StarkNet becoming the home for these kind of like on-chain games, which is really cool to see because I think that Starkwares technology gives itself towards those sorts of things. Obviously you've seen Immutable X, you know, do very, very well with their NFT trading and stuff like that. But these things are more on the actual gaming side rather than the NFT side of things. So give this thread a read if you're interested in that sort of stuff. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, finally here. Speaking of Charles, he said something apparently on stage here. Someone tweeted saying, you know, Charles Hoschkinsen from Cardano predicts ETH2 will be launched no earlier than 2023, more likely 2024. He later said ETH1.5 is already out. It's called Polkadot. What are you saying here, Charles? Like, are you just saying words and hoping they mean something? Because this is just really bad. And I just want to quickly break down why it's really bad. ETH2 doesn't exist. It's a fugazi, right? It's a term that has been deprecated. The Ethereum roadmap is the Ethereum roadmap. It's not ETH2, it's not ETH1, it's all just Ethereum. So that first off the bat, I don't know if Charles knows that, but first off the bat, that doesn't make sense. Now, if he's using ETH2 to refer to the main package of Ethereum roadmap, I guess like items that were part of kind of like quote unquote ETH2, such as staking and sharding, well, okay, fair enough. But the thing is, is that sharding has substantially changed since the first iteration. Proof of stake is going live with the merge in the next few months, right? So it's not going to be pushed to 2023 or 2024. And proto dank sharding is hopefully happening in the first half of kind of like next year. So I guess like you could give him like 1% points if he actually means that, but apparently he didn't. Like someone told me that they watched it and apparently he wasn't even talking about that sorts of stuff. So it's completely wrong there. And then he says something like ETH 1.5 is already out, it's called polka dot, which I'm not even going to go into why that's so insane for him to say, but it literally makes no sense. So this is why guys, I think people like Charles are grifters that Cardano deserves to be mocked for everything that it is and it isn't basically, I think there are some redeeming attributes of it, such as Cardano, like the way it's engineered actually has been engineered in a way that favors decentralization, but they have depots, which kind of like works against that as well. But Charles himself is full of shit. A lot of the time he's a master of spinning shit, don't get me wrong. And his followers eat it up. But you know, when he says stuff like this, I just look at it and I'm just like, dude, like what's going on? Come on, mate. Like this is not even remotely accurate and you're just misleading people by saying this. So I wanted to just call that out here today, but some people are going to make jokes that I'm calling out my dad here. But anyway, I think I'm going to end it there for today. So thank you everyone for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the newsletter, join the Discord channel and I'll catch you all next week. Thanks everyone.