 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of the Deligay Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host, The entities designer. And today is the 15th of July 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. Actually before we get into it, I've had a few people comment and reach out to me saying that there's been some audio issues with the podcast lately. They're saying that it's been quiet for them. I'm not sure why that is. I haven't really changed anything on my end. I think it's just Spotify users that maybe are suffering from this. So I'm not sure what the problem is there. But please do let me know if they continue. I did tweak some settings today, but I kind of like increased my mic gain here. So hopefully that fixes the issue. But yeah, I can't repeat it or I can't... What's the word I'm looking for? I can't replicate it on my end. So I'm not sure what's going on there. But yeah, I've tweaked a few things. Hopefully this helps you guys with everything. Hopefully the volume issues are fixed here. Alright, moving on to the biggest news of the last 24 hours. Which was some dates around the Girly merge and Mainnet merge. So I put out this tweet where I said, Girly, the last public testnet to run through the merge transition, should do so around August 11th. If everything goes well with Girly, we could see a Mainnet merge around the week of September 19th. The merge is coming. Now these dates weren't just out of thin air. I pulled them from the consensus layer call. I remember I mentioned to you guys that the dates were probably going to be discussed on that call and they were. Now these are soft dates. They're not hard dates. They are subject to change, of course. But this is basically what the core devs are aiming for at this stage. And I don't want to kind of toot my horn too much here, but I'm going to take a little bit of credit. I did say that we should expect a kind of like Girly merge mid to, sorry, early to mid August and a Mainnet merge mid to late September. So I was right on the money. But anyway, if you're paying attention, if you're listening to the refill, you were right on the money too. So there's that. But yeah, this is super exciting because guys like just to contextualize this, September 19th or the week of September 19th is only five to six weeks away. Like it is so close. It's insane. We're after so long. And the Girly merge on August 11th is less than a month away. So we are closer than we have ever been. And it's just incredible that we're this close. Like after being in Ethereum since early 2017 and listening to kind of everyone talk about proof of stake for so long, and then obviously seeing proof of stake Ethereum grow live with the beacon chain, but now seeing the two networks merge together. And finally, Ethereum becoming a full proof of stake network is literally witnessing history that is going to go down in the history books for decades to come, guys. Okay. I can't describe how monumental this occasion is for me personally, but I'm sure it is for all of you as well. So I am just super excited. This is almost upon us. There will be a live stream for the girly kind of public test net transition. I believe Bankless is hosting that kind of like with ETH Staker there. So that's going to be a fun one. Hopefully it is scheduled for a time when I'm not asleep. So I can join that live stream and kind of like joining on the festivities there. But just a reminder to everyone that is a solo validator, you need to be ready for the merge. So there's a merger readiness checklist that I've covered on the refill before. You can Google that it's on the kind of Ethereum Foundation website, I believe, or kind of like on a website that's managed by the Ethereum Foundation. That'll get you ready for the merge. The main thing you need to kind of like worry about is running an execution layer client. So essentially running a full node using either geth, nethermind, BESU and Eragon in order to connect to your consensus layer node and validator. Obviously running one of the consensus layer kind of clients there. So you must do this. You can no longer outsource your execution layer responsibilities to an inferior or to an alchemy. You need to be able to kind of talk to your own local node. Now what's cool about this is I think we're going to see the number of Ethereum, I guess like execution layer full nodes go up, which because of the fact that it's basically forcing people that are staking or solo staking and obviously all the people running validators and running beacon nodes to do this. So I'm curious to see what kind of uptick we see there, but that's going to be very cool. And that's just a reminder for everyone that's solo staking. Make sure that you do this before the merge, because if you don't, you are going to be kicked off the network. You will not be validating and you'll be kind of like leaking ETH when you shouldn't be. It's not hard to, I guess, sink a full node. It's actually very easy. It doesn't take too much time. And there is obviously a variety of clients that you can choose from there. And there's also a bunch of other things you can do like install MEV boost optionally. That's not a requirement. That's an optional thing there, but the merge readiness checklist covers all of this. So I'm not going to rehash it here. You can go check that out if you just Google that. But yeah, guys, like we are in the end game now. We really are. And I'm just so excited that we can get this out of the way, because honestly, as excited as I am about the merge, I'm like probably just as excited about proto-dank sharding, because it will allow us to get that real scalability going for layer twos and drop those transactions to pennies. I've spoken about it before, but that is the next thing that excites me the most in Ethereum right now. So yeah, the merge is coming. We're on the eve of the merge basically, and I can't wait to see it happen. All right, so speaking of Ethereum proof of stake and I guess things related to it, Josh Stark put out an interesting tweet today, or tweet thread today talking about the history of the deposit contract. Now for those of you who don't know, the deposit contract is a smart contract that lives on Ethereum, layer one or ETH one as it's called, where people send their ETH into in 32 ETH chunks. That gets basically burned there and then kind of like issued on the beacon chain, where people can obviously stake their ETH. Now this deposit contract has a fun history about it, and that's what Josh Stark's thread is here. So definitely go give this thread a read. But the TRDR is that it actually came to being through a kind of like funny process of the contract was deployed, but no one knew who deployed it. And it's not like we can't trust it, because of the fact that the code was open source, it was verified, it all made sense. So that just became the canonical contract that everyone used as the deposit contract, which was actually really cool. Originally people thought it was a phishing contract or a scam or something, but it actually ended up being the canonical kind of contract for air staking. So this contract will still be used post merge. Obviously the execution layer and all the ETH one we know today is still going to be the exact same as it is just with proof of stake instead of proof of work. So all of this will remain the same post merge. So it's good to like get up to speed on this history. I thought it was like a fun little read and I'll link this kind of like thread in the YouTube description for you to read it, because it's not that long, but definitely some really cool nuggets of information in there. All right, so the Twitter account 100y.eth put together a modular blockchain stack of Polygon. So basically a vision or I guess like this is how 100y envisions the Polygon modular blockchain world. And I think either them or someone else, I think I've highlighted on the refill before that had a similar diagram to this, where they kind of like place different solutions in them. But you can kind of see here, I guess like my camera is cutting off the far left side here, but you can kind of see where Polygon is, but you can kind of see where Polygon solutions fit in. And they have a lot of solutions, obviously. So you've got their roll-ups, Polygon, Knightfall, Hermes, Midan and Zero, which all talk to Ethereum layer one. And then you have the Polygon POS chain, obviously, which also talks to Ethereum layer one, but not as a kind of like layer two as we know it, it just checkpoints itself there. And then there are other things like on the bottom here, you have sovereign roll-ups that can talk to Polygon avail as a data availability layer and still kind of post their proofs to Ethereum layer one. And then my camera's covering it, but you have like an avail Validium, which is kind of like what I was just describing there. So this is cool. This is a cool way of visualizing it because I know people get sometimes confused with all the solutions that Polygon has right now because they have a lot of them. And some people say, you know, what's the use of them, right? What's the difference between them? Where do they all fit? Well, here it is. Like you even got details such as what technology they're using. I mean, you can see here that Nightfall is a private optimistic roll-up. Hermes is a decentralized ZK-EVM, ZK roll-up. Midan is a Stark ZK roll-up and Zero is the fastest recursive ZK roll-up. So obviously a lot of kind of like research and development is going into each of these solutions. And, you know, it remains to be seen if they don't all just collapse into one conical solution eventually, or if they stay separate. But I think it's cool to have, you know, obviously so many people working on these solutions in parallel. I mean, it makes it all, it makes the kind of like whole better than kind of like just being a monolithic kind of architecture there. Now this thread goes on for a little bit. It's only a short thread with a kind of like links to some more, I guess, some information here. So you should definitely check it out. But I just thought it was an interesting graphic that really nicely kind of visualize the Polygon modular stack and how Polygon solutions all fit in with each other here. All right. So Diversify has rebranded. They're now known as RhinoFi. So you can go to rhino.fi to see their new branding and to see kind of like the new outlay of the website and everything. And they've also kind of like changed what they are. So they're saying we're no longer just a DEX, we're a frictionless layer 2 gateway to multi-chain DeFi. This is the future of DeFi. Let's grab it by the horns. I like that. That's actually pretty funny there. But yeah, you can read this thread for kind of like, not this thread, sorry, this one here for a kind of full breakdown of why they kind of change to RhinoFi and how they envision the future. And it's got all the details here. But you can also visit the website to check out what they've got going here. You can launch their app and launch into it. I'm sure some of you guys have been using Diversify or RhinoFi for a while now. I'm a user myself. I'm also an investor, just a disclosure there. I've been invested in them for a little while now. But I think they're building a really amazing ecosystem here. As they said, they're not just a DEX anymore. They're basically a layer 2 gateway to multi-chain DeFi. And they're supporting a number of different chains right now, such as Arbitrum, Polygon, Ethereum. And they have MoonPay as kind of like a frictionless onboarding there. But I think they plan to support like as many chains as possible, which I think is obviously very interesting and very cool. Because I've talked about how we need better gateways into DeFi, into layer 2s, into crypto in general before. And that's exactly what RhinoFi is building here. They want to be a one-stop shop gateway to all of multi-chain DeFi, not just DeFi on Ethereum layer 1, but also on the layer 2s and also obviously other layer 1s and sidechains and things like that. So I think that's a really great kind of like a strategy. And I think their branding makes a lot more sense like this. Diversify, the problem... So the funny thing about Diversify is it kind of like used to be known as Ethfinex. And then I think there was kind of like some Nectar branding in there. There's been a few iterations of their name over time. But Diversify, I think, funny enough, the number one thing that was going against it was that it was hard to spell. Like no one knew how to spell it. And there was always people misspelling it. So obviously changing to RhinoFi is a lot better and just Rhino. And I don't think anyone in crypto has the Rhino branding yet. Which is funny because obviously Rhino is not a bull, but it kind of like invokes the same emotions, right? Like this aggressive kind of like a big animal that kind of like just charges you. It kind of invokes the same kind of thoughts. So I find it interesting. Maybe I missed it, but I haven't seen something branded with Rhino before. So I think this is really cool. You should definitely check it out. I'll link it in the YouTube description. I'll link both of these threads. You can go check out the website, go check out the app, and get started with using RhinoFi's multi-chain DeFi ecosystem. All right, so a new thread from Syro Theos today talking about the ZK-AVM and why it is the next scalability step required to unlock worldwide adoption. This thread is not long, so definitely go check it out. I'm not going to talk about it here. But you know, they named a bunch of teams working on ZK-AVM, such as ZKSync, Scroll, Polygon Zero, Polygon Hermes, and Loopring. Now, ZK-AVM gets talked about a lot, and like a lot, right? There is no mainnet implementation live yet. The race is on, of course. And as I said, there are a bunch of teams working on this. The reason why it is kind of like considered a holy grail is twofold. One, because obviously EVM compatibility is huge. It gets you apps really, really quickly, gets users really quickly. It automatically works with everything that we're used to, such as MetaMask and all the other infrastructure surrounding it. So obviously, that's a huge thing. And that's why pretty much everything that has any sort of adoption in crypto, except maybe a couple of other things, is EVM or EVM compatible. So that's the first thing. The second thing is that ZK-AVM, ZK Rollup is basically, basically using ZK Rollup technology, which we know is the end game for Ethereum scalability. And it kind of like just makes, it just opens up a kind of a world of possibilities here. Now, this is not an easy thing to do. This is actually very hard. People didn't expect it to come this quickly, but generally it's very hard. The first iterations of ZK-AVMs will most likely be using untested cryptography, untested kind of like mechanisms, and they will most likely be in a very limited state when they go live. They're not going to be live in a production capacity anytime soon. They'll be in alphas and betas and all that sort of stuff there. Yeah, I mean, even the optimistic rollups, the EVM compatible ones like Up To and Optimism is still considered to be beta software at this point in time, because it's hard to build this stuff securely. Like you can build it like a cowboy. It's, ah, well, we built it. It's fine. Go, have fun. But building it securely, sustainably, building it in such a way so it doesn't fall over is very, very hard to do. And people take this for granted how hard this is. Like it's actually a stroke of kind of like luck that Ethereum layer one has never gone down since Genesis. And it almost has a few times, but it's never actually gone offline or halted or stopped producing blocks. And that's an incredible feat. Like I don't think there's any other blockchain out there, maybe not even Bitcoin that could kind of like claim this. I can't remember exactly, but there have been instances of Bitcoin early on where they had to kind of reverse transactions and then was like an inflation bug. But I can't remember if it resulted in the chain halting. But other than that, like, you know, very, very, very few chains have escaped a chain halt or escaped falling over or any of that sorts of stuff. And obviously, you know, there's been a bunch over the last few months. Obviously, Solana is the perfect example here of something that just has fallen over a bunch of times. So just getting that just that right, being online all the time is extremely hard. Like Ethereum technically has a 100% uptime, which is crazy. Like some people will argue semantics around this and say, oh, well, you know, technically it doesn't because there was a Shanghai DOS attacks which slowed the chain down. And then you could count the difficulty bombs as the chain slowing down as well, which it does technically. And you could say, okay, well, that's a failure of uptime. I don't know if you use the strict definition of uptime, meaning the chain never stopped producing blocks. Doesn't matter if it was a 15-second block or a 30-second block. Then you could say that Ethereum has 100% uptime. Nothing that I know of can claim that even in the Web 2 world, like the centralized world, can't even claim that. That is a marvel right there. So to get to that same level in an optimistic roll up and a ZK roll up or anything like that, it's going to take a lot of engineering work. It's going to take a lot of kind of like focus on these sorts of stuff, a lot of testing and a lot of, you know, and some luck at the end of the day, because like there are things you can't plan for. I mean, as I said, it's actually just like a stroke of luck that Ethereum has not stopped producing blocks, even though it's come close very many, lots of times in the past. So there's all of that that goes into it. But once we get to a fully workable production grade ZK EVM that is both scalable in terms of kind of like really, really cheap fees and also fast in terms of very, very fast transaction confirmations and sustainable, well then, yeah, I mean, like we're going to have so much scale, we don't even know what to do with. But even before that, optimistic roll ups, post-proto-dank sharding are going to have enough scale for that too. So I really do think people are sleeping on this still. They don't realize, like I know I talk about it a lot, but they don't realize just how close we are to having more scale than we know what to do with. Because at this point in time, and Polina talks about this, and they've actually gotten a bit of heat for this lately, but right now, I mean, the main use case and the main thing that's taking up all the block space is speculative activities on any network, really. So to move past that, to move to things that require more scale but not speculative, it's going to take a while. It's going to take more people coming into the ecosystem, more people adopting this stuff to get to that kind of like app, non-speculative killer app. It's definitely going to take a while. And I think it could come from the gaming area because gaming is kind of like such a big thing just generally, not obviously within crypto, but outside of crypto as well. But it remains to, it really does remain to be seen, like how much kind of demand we have in the next 12 to 18 months. Because if we do get proto-dank sharding early next year, say even we get it in like April, like will we have an app that will take advantage of that on these layer twos? Will these apps kind of cause these layer twos to hit their limits? Now obviously, Arbitrum hit its limit with the Odyssey thing, but I think that's an anomaly. I think going forward, there's not really going to be any of that. I think people will learn from Arbitrum and be like, okay, well, let's not do big things like this until we take these training wheels off, until we take our limits off and we can kind of service this. But it will eventually become a cat and mouse game again where we'll catch up to the amount of scale that we've been able to produce and then we'll need more scale. But that's the thing about, and the beautiful thing about dank sharding is that you keep getting more scale as time goes on. You don't need to kind of like worry about scale because you can just keep adding it on. There's no like big change that needs to happen, which I think is just obviously really awesome. And as I've explained before, because of the way Ethereum works, the more the beacon chain works, the more validators, the more decentralized, the more scale that we have, which is just crazy. We've basically inverted the scalability trilemma. So yeah, I mean, I'm going to be keeping an eye on all the zkavm stuff happening, of course. Obviously, I think you guys will as well. It is the Holy Grail. It's going to take a while to get there. But in the meantime, we do have other solutions and those solutions will get better post-prod dank sharding, like much better, like 100x better in terms of fees. So I'm definitely looking forward to that as well. But yeah, give Pseudo-Theos's a little thread a read here. I'll link it in the YouTube description. All right, last thread is from ethereumpools.info, where I covered them last week or the week before, where they kind of went through ethereum rewards post merge and kind of like broke down each of the rewards here. So now we have ethereum penalties post merge and breaking down each of these sorts of things here. So you can see here, these are the main penalties. So slashing and then there's kind of like sub penalties within slashing, inactivity penalty, syncomity penalty and attestation penalty. And basically this thread breaks down what each of those things are. So I'm not going to break it down myself here. This thread does a really, really great job of breaking it down. And you know what? This account has given so much alpha lately, they deserve a follow, I think. But yeah, definitely go, I kind of read this thread. I'll link in the YouTube description below. But the funny thing is, I kind of mentioned this last time. The only things that really result in a kind of, I guess, mass loss of ETH is slashing. Like these things down the bottom don't result in a huge loss of ETH. They're very slow burn kind of like, and you have like ample opportunity to come back online. Whereas with slashing, if you get slashed, you basically lose potentially a lot of ETH and you get kicked out of the validator set. You don't get kicked out of the validator set if you're offline until you leak out enough ETH to I think it's like 28 ETH and then you get kicked out. But with slashing, you get kicked out immediately. So very, very different kind of like penalties here. But the penalty for slashing is due to, sorry, if you get slashed, the network thinks you're either trying to attack it or you've done something like double signing, which can be an attack, right? Even if you've done it accidentally, it can be a form of an attack. Whereas an inactivity penalty of being offline, if it's just due, the network knows, okay, well, this person just went offline. It's not an attack or anything like that. But if a lot of people go offline, then the inactivity penalty actually gets kind of like, it gets higher and people start leaking ETH faster because it's a way to incentivize people to come back online. Because as you guys know, if 66% of the network or more is not validating, we can't finalize. So if say 60% of the network is online and 40% is offline, while the inactivity penalty is going to be very, very high because of the fact that we need to get these people back online to finalize. And it's also high in order to kick out everyone that has gone offline faster so that we can kind of shrink the validator set so that we can finalize again. Because it's based on the percentage of the active validators, right? So if you're kicked out due to being offline, due to that inactivity penalty, then the chain can kind of like normalize and start finalizing again. Because it's all about liveness for the beacon chain. It's all about making sure the chain can finalize. And that's what all these penalties are meant to do. Well, I mean, that's what the kind of like bottom penalties are meant to do. When it comes to slashing for potentially attacking the network, that is kind of like ensuring that the network is secure, ensuring that you're punishing bad actors. And unfortunately, you can do it on accident and get caught in the crosshairs. But there's really no way to tell if it's an accident or not. The protocol doesn't have feelings. There's no human behind it. There's no way to tell if you accidentally double signed or if you were doing it on purpose, right? So from that perspective, that's just kind of like one unfortunate thing that happens. But there is obviously a lot of reasoning behind it. So yeah, anyway, go check out this thread from ethereumpools.info. I'll link it in the YouTube description below. All right, so Jeremy Allaire, the co-founder and CEO of Circle, published today a transparency and disclosure report around USDC. And this is the first monthly breakdown of the USDC reserve assets by each and every treasury, bond and list of cash reserve custodians. So this is basically all of the, I guess, assets that are backing USDC. And you can basically see them itemized here. Now, I've discussed this before about how centralized companies and services can give attestations and can give kind of like transparency and kind of like publish these things. But at the end of the day, you're still trusting that Circle has published this truthfully. They're not mincing their words here. They're not trying to kind of like sign up anyone. But still, this is much better than what we get from most of the centralized entities in this space. So I'm applauding Circle for this. And I'm not trying to pick on Circle here or anything by saying that, you know, we're still trusting someone when they publish this, right? You're still trusting Circle. And that's why we're building a trustless DeFi ecosystem so we don't have to trust anyone so that we can, you know, audit ourselves and run a full node ourselves. All we're doing right now is, okay, Circle has put together this report. We're trusting that it's all accurate, that it all makes sense, that it's all truthful. But there's no way for us mere mortals that don't have access to Circle's kind of accounts or holdings to audit this ourselves. And that is the beauty of a blockchain is that you do have access to audit things yourselves. But again, this is so much better than what we get from most of the centralized services out there and centralized exchanges and things like that, that we should be applauding and encouraging this and should be spreading the word here so that more of these centralized services at least publish this. This is better than kind of like nothing, guys, like miles better than nothing. And there are also ways to kind of like have relative certainty that these reports are at least, you know, somewhat truthful or mostly truthful and kind of like monitor it and kind of keep these companies and services accountable as well. So I'll link this in the YouTube description. You can go check out the kind of report for yourself just in case you can't see it on the video or listening to the podcast here. But yeah, I thought this was very, very cool. So kudos to Circle for publishing this. All right. So last up here, we have MetaMask that turns six today, six years old. I mean, everyone's used MetaMask at this point. It's hilarious how many people have used MetaMask. And it's actually funny to think about there are people who have used MetaMask that have never used Ethereum Layer 1 because of the fact that MetaMask supports every single EVM compatible chain. Doesn't matter if it's Layer 2's on Ethereum, doesn't matter if it's the Polygon POS chain, doesn't matter if it's Avalanche, SeaChain or Phantom or any of that sorts of stuff. If it's EVM compatible, it is going to work with MetaMask and you simply just have to change the network in your kind of MetaMask client there. And I've used MetaMask since basically day one of Ethereum. I think there was probably a brief period of a couple of weeks when I first bought ETH that I was using some mobile wallet that basically wasn't even self-custodial. It would send all the ETH that it took into a wallet that was controlled by, I don't know who. And then I quickly kind of was like, oh no, no, I shouldn't do this. I've got to go to MetaMask. And then after that, obviously I've got my hardware wallets as well that hook into MetaMask, which is the beauty of it. But I mean, everyone uses it, whether it's on desktop or mobile. It's something that I think everyone in crypto has used or anyone who's done anything on chain in crypto has used at least once in their life. Right, so yeah, huge kind of like congrats to them or happy birthday to them on their sixth anniversary, which I find funny because their sixth birthday is a day before my birthday. So my birthday is tomorrow. I'm turning 30 tomorrow. So yeah, I mean, I almost share a birthday with MetaMask. That's kind of cool. And also Ethereum's birthday is July 30th. So it's going to be the, what is it? The eighth birthday for Ethereum or seventh birthday? I'm getting ahead of myself. Yeah, I think it's the seventh birthday this year for Ethereum. So it's coming up, right? It's only 15 days away, which is very, very cool to see. But yeah, I mean, you can check out this thread. It's only a small little thread here. And there's also a origin story that Consensus published for MetaMask. For those of you who don't know, MetaMask is part of Consensus, was born out of Consensus, is still part of Consensus. And it's been a long time that they've been around for, obviously, six years. They've been through all the ups and downs of Ethereum. They've been through basically everything, which is obviously very, very cool here. But yeah, you can go check that out. I'll link here in the YouTube description. I got a couple of minutes here. I just wanted to quickly say something. I know the markets lately have been the markets, right? I think the last 24 hours have been quite positive. But I want to reiterate to you guys, I'm not trying to be bearish here, but I want to reiterate to you guys that try not to get ahead of yourselves. Again, this is when I'm going to tell you guys to not get on leverage, because these things happen constantly. You know, there'll be a pump, and then it'll just, you know, sell back down, and then there'll be a really big pump, and you'll think, oh my God, the bull market's back, you'll leverage up, and you'll be like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, and then you'll get blown up. Right? I've seen too many friends do this. That's why I always hop on about it. But you know, it is positive to see that the market is trying to find a bottom around here. I don't know if this is the bottom, but it is very positive to see that. Obviously, we had that huge CPI print out of the US the other day, 9.1%. Obviously, everyone's like, you know, has inflation peaked, hasn't it peaked, and all that sort of stuff. No one knows, guys. Like, it's, the macro environment is so hard to get insights into. There's only very, there's very few people in the world who actually have a good pulse on it. So I wouldn't even bother trying to reason about it. But yeah, I just wanted to kind of like warn against that again. Just stick, just stay away from leverage, guys. Like, I know, you know, you don't have to listen to me. It's not investment advice, but I just feel like reiterating it from time to time, because I want you guys to be safe. I want you guys to make it, and I want you guys to be on the journey with me, with, you know, the Ethereum community as we kind of build this thing out over the next decade. But anyway, on that note, that is going to be it for today. Thank you, everyone, for watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give that video a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel, and I'll catch you all next week. Thanks, everyone.