 Hello everyone, welcome to another episode of the Deligay Review. Where we cap the latest news in the Ethereum ecosystem. I'm your host Anthony Susano and today's the 9th of March 2022. Alright everyone, let's get into it. So I spoke about this executive order that Joe Biden was going to be issuing this week and he has just issued it as of a couple of hours ago and there was a leak around this earlier in the day. But basically what it is, is a nothing burger in terms of it being bad or good necessarily for crypto. It's just a set of guidelines really. So as you can see in this tweet here, Biden issues executive order on digital assets, does not announce any new regulations, directs agencies to develop policy recommendations and focus on consumer protection, financial stability, illicit finance, promoting US leadership, financial inclusion and responsible innovation. So basically it's a call to action to understand the crypto ecosystem better across all regulatory agencies within the US. Which is pretty awesome to see, right? It means they're open to having conversations, they haven't made any decisions yet or anything like that. So very, very nice to see this. Now I wanted to kind of like direct your attention to a thread from Jeremy Allaire that you should go read, it will be linked in the YouTube description below. And for those of you who don't know, Jeremy Allaire is the co-founder and CEO of Circle, which is behind USDC. He is based in the US, has a lot of connections in both the kind of like US cryptocurrency scene and also the regulatory scene there. So this thread is really great because the TLDR, as he says of this executive order, is this is a watershed moment for crypto, digital assets and Web3, akin to the 1996-1997 whole of government wake up to the commercial internet. And it's just a small thread about seven tweets here. But basically what he tries to illustrate here is that this executive order is, as I said before, a way for the government to kind of like understand that industry, make sure they're not making mistakes, not putting kind of like blanket regulations or bans on things specifically in the US and kind of like get feedback from people in the industry. So Jeremy, in his last tweet says here, for those of us in the crypto industry, this executive order should be viewed as the single biggest opportunity to engage with policymakers on the issues that matter. The proverbial doors of policymakers are wide open. This is now a national conversation in the US. This is cool. I mean, you guys know that generally I'm pretty kind of like against most financial regulations. I think a lot of them do more harm than good. I think a lot of them are based on shitty kind of like reasoning. And now, I mean, with kind of like this executive order, it basically gives all of us in the crypto ecosystem a way to have our voice heard before we head down that path. So what we can do is obviously regulations are going to happen whether we like it or not. That's one thing that we can't control. Obviously, we can build decentralized tools to get around these regulations. And we are doing that. But there are still a lot of parts of crypto that will never be decentralized. The fiat on-ramps, for example, there's just no way to decentralize that unless the governments give up their kind of regulations in the fiat world, which they weren't, right? And in the centralized exchange world, which they weren't. And there's a bunch of other things that as well, and a bunch of kind of like second order effects from these sorts of things. So I think, as I said, this is super exciting, even though I'm against most of these kind of like regulations and stuff like that, because whether I'm against them or for them, they're going to happen anyway. So I'd rather them happen in a way that's not detrimental to the crypto industry and is actually beneficial to it. So if you're in the US, obviously, you can make your voice a lot more heard than those of us around the world. But this is great. I like that there's going to be an open conversation around this. I like that it's not just going to be a bunch of people behind closed doors who don't understand what they're talking about trying to regulate crypto. That is the worst possible outcome. Definitely don't want to see. And we don't want to see every other regulatory body in the US act like the SEC or the SEC has been acting, which has been very, very shitty. Like we all know the SEC has not been consistent with their regulatory actions. Gary Gensler there is basically completely out of touch with this entire industry. Let, you know, not even just crypto, just like in general, he's out of touch, it seems with just the everyday person. So that, that, that, I guess like a regulatory body headed up there by Gary just isn't doing what they're supposed to be doing in my eyes at all. They're not protecting any investors. They're actually doing the opposite of that at this point in time. But anyway, definitely go give this thread from Jeremy Allaire a read. I'm very excited to see that this, this kind of like news came out. It seems the markets seem to like it as well with, with both BTC and ETH doing, you know, performing quite well today. Obviously we're nowhere near out of the woods yet. If you guys have been paying attention to what I've been saying over the last few months, and even in the discord channel, I don't think there's any cause to celebrate until we get above 4k on ETH again. It's just, there's so much resistance now between 2 and 4k. And there's so many reasons to be both a bull and a bear, right? And there's, and there's kind of like, there's so much uncertainty out there still that it's kind of hard to know where we're going to go from here. So don't take like one or two days of positive price movements as a trend. It definitely isn't. As I've mentioned before, price movement trends take a while to play out and they've usually, or the trend is usually already flipped before you realize it has, but you kind of need it to be confirmed there. So I think once it gets above 4k you know, we'll, we'll, we'll go to all time highs and beyond, and it should, it should be all well and good unless we get rejected off, off of 4k in some big way and head back down in the 2000s. But that isn't an investment advice or anything like that. I mean, you guys know, I still buy ETH you know, as much as I can. And you know, I, I think that this sort of stuff on the regulatory front is very, very good for the markets in general, not just ETH, but DeFi, especially because obviously DeFi is a big I guess like target for regulators. So then the DeFi ecosystem having more clarity here and I guess like I guess bigger players in the industry having more clarity around how the US government is going to potentially treat crypto assets or digital assets in general is very, very bullish. So very cool to see this. Very cool to see that basically, as I said, it was a nothing burger in terms of, you know, regulations today, not good or bad, but what's good about it is that it's basically opening up the conversation and there's no, none of these kind of like closed door shadowy stuff going on. We, maybe there is some of that still going on, but we can actually have our voices heard and we can, and Biden seems to, you know, want kind of like all these regulators and policymakers to actually go out there and have conversations with the people that they're regulating. Like there's so many regulations that go into place that affects so many people and then the regulators don't talk to these people. I just think that's completely insane and bizarre. And it seems that the Biden administration seems to think so as well. So very, very cool to see this. All right. So Trent Van Epps is continuing his, I guess, Twitter, I guess tweet. It's not really a thread, but kind of like he quote tweets himself here around things happening at the merge. So this is number six where he says the merge will use accumulated difficulty terminal, difficulty called total terminal difficulty of TTDs. What TTD means, what I was talking about yesterday, I remember I forgot to, forgot to explain what it stood for, but it stands for total terminal difficulty, which is going to be used to trigger the proof of work to proof of stake upgrade, AKA the merge instead of block height. The reason why this is being used instead of block height or a block number is that an attacker could use a minority of hash power to build a malicious chain fork that would satisfy the block height requirements. So this is basically a way to fend off attackers. Now you can read more about this in this kind of, I guess, section here that Trent links to. I mean, I'm not going to read it out for you. I'll of course link it for you in the YouTube description. And then, you know, Trent goes to say more on the, on the latest DevNet dry on below, which is the tweet that I covered yesterday from Parathosh. If you were wondering what TTD stood for, it's total terminal difficulty, and it's used to describe the, I guess, the way we're going to basically be triggering the merge, essentially. There's no block height or anything like that. It's basically getting to this kind of like this accumulated difficulty, I guess, threshold, and then the upgrade triggers. And as I said, this is to protect against attacks, especially from miners, even though the risk of attack in my mind is very, very low from us, even from miners. But you can never be too certain around things like this. As I've said before, guys, the merge, if it doesn't work the first time, it's really, really messy. So we need to make sure that they like to fix it. So we really need to make sure we get it right the first time. Not to say that we couldn't recover from it, but the recovery process would be pretty bad and pretty, pretty, it'll, it'd be crazy. Let's put it that way. I don't even, I think the market would react to it as well. That's how crazy it would be. But I have full confidence that the merge is going to go through just fine. They've thought of pretty much like everything at this point. I mean, not everything. And you can never think of everything. There's always things that like unknown unknowns as they're called, but they've thought as, you know, the research and developers, they've thought of it as like, you know, like, have thought about as much as they can, prepared as much as they can, and they'll keep doing these preparations right up until the merge happens. So exciting stuff there. But yeah, I love these tweets from Trent. It's really, really great to see him continue them. I'm looking forward to more. All right. So Liam from the Optimism team shared a kind of like the link to the EIP 4844 today, which is different to 4488. This is the EIP for Shard blob transactions, which is something that I've been talking about recently. So if you wanted to learn more about that, definitely go to this EIP. But the TLDR as Liam states here is that adding a relatively small amount of data to Ethereum this year as part of the hard fork in Q4, aka the Shanghai upgrade, which probably is not going to happen till Q1. I'd be surprised if it happens in Q4, but regardless, timing, this is not the topic of conversation here. But what this will do is it will enable users to have 0.01 dollar fees, which is one cent fees for most transactions without sacrificing safety of decentralization. And these transactions would obviously be done at layer two, not at layer one. So you can read the whole EIP here, see what it's all about. It's got a bunch of technical stuff in here, but generally this is pretty bullish. As I said, it's different to 4488. It's 4844. I know it can be a little confusing there, but this is a pretty big deal. And I think it's flying under the radar for a lot of people that they don't realize that this extreme scalability for rollups is coming at layer one, not just at layer two. This is outside of all the improvements that the layer twos are doing themselves with obviously nitro and what Optimism is working on. I can't remember what it was called. They're kind of like new upgrade. The name eludes me right now, but and all the other kind of like intermediate fee reductions that they're doing. And as I said before, guys, sub 10 cent fees on like at least on these rollups is coming, especially on Optimistic rollups and generalized rollups is coming much sooner than you guys think and then most people think, I believe, and then getting down to like a one cent fee. I mean, at that point, like really, do you need anything more than that? Like one? I mean, I know people want free transactions, but like if transactions are costing one cent each, the roll up operator or the apps may just eat the transaction fees themselves and kind of like make it out of the fees that they generate. Like an AMM may kind of like charge a 0.3% fee and then out of that fee, they'll pay for their users transaction fees because it just makes sense to do that. As I said, like the way the X does this and it makes sense for them to do that. So we're getting to this point within the next 12 months, guys. This is not something that's like five years away. And it's absolutely crazy that it's coming much faster than even I anticipated. So very much looking forward to this AP going into the Shanghai update, which, as I said, is the first update coming out for a theorem. The Ethereum protocol after the merge. But as I said before, I expect it to be Q1, not Q4 this year. Maybe it happens in Q4. I'd be pleasantly surprised if it does. And as I said, work has actually begun on the Shanghai updates because most of the work on the merge has been completed. And there's a lot of people doing a lot of great work on all the EAPs that they want to get included here. So very, very cool to see this. Definitely go check out 4844. All right. Just a quick shout out here to Danny Ryan who shared his talk about the Ethereum proof of stake, I guess, transition and our solar punk future. Now this talk is from ETH Denver. This was an amazing talk. I just wanted to pilot this for you guys because I highly recommend going and watching. I mean, you can listen to it in the background, do whatever. Just make sure you listen to it or watch it. I'll link it in the YouTube description. I'm not going to say much more than that. I just think that Danny Ryan being the person he is, for those of you who don't know, he's basically the guy coordinating the, quote unquote, ETH2 efforts up until this point. He is instrumental in getting ETH2 to where it is today. And obviously going into the future, he's basically the Tim Biko for ETH2. Like Tim Biko, he's obviously spent more time on the ETH1 side. But Danny Ryan basically does that on the ETH2 side. So he very, very important person, very knowledgeable person to listen to. So definitely go watch or listen to this talk. It'll be linked in the YouTube description. All right, so I just wanted to highlight this new Doon Analytics dashboard from Hilldobby here, which basically shows you stuff about kind of like Ethereum gas. So you can see here, I may have actually covered this a while ago. Actually, I say this is from February 16th, 2020. So I may have covered it back on the refill a few weeks ago. But the thing is, is that I saw it pop up again. And it's because the Ethereum gas market is such a cool thing to kind of like research and pay attention to. It has a lot of insights in it if you know what you're looking for. And I think dashboards like this gives you just such a much more nuanced view. And you can actually see kind of what's happening across many, many different metrics. I mean, if we start from the top here, you can see gas costs for typical actions at recent gas prices, here's stuff like the ETH transfer, approvals of tokens and swapping and stuff like that. Scroll down a bit and say gas prices by hour of the day. So this can help you basically see when's the best time to do your transactions. I know gas isn't kind of like expensive right now. But if the market hits up again, it's definitely going to get expensive again at layer one. Transaction gas distribution. So you can kind of like see where the majority of transactions sit, which is really, really cool. So you can see it's kind of like all bunched up between, I guess, 20 and 35 Gwei and then it kind of like tapers off from there. And then, you know, a bunch more metrics around here. So I just wanted to highlight this maybe again. Maybe I didn't highlight it last time because I think it's cool. But you've also got metrics here around kind of like the top gas guzzlers over the last 24 hours, the week past six months. You can see here that OpenSea alone has generated $700 million worth of fees for Ethereum, which is 10% of the total gas usage. And then Uniswap V2 is at $500 million at 6.4%, Tether at 4.8%, which is pretty crazy, right, when you think about it. And that's over the last six months. So absolutely awesome to see all that. Definitely go check out this dashboard. I'll link it in the description for you. All right. So Greg Vardy from the Nethermind team here announced that they've just made Warp 2.0 public. So this is one for the developers out there. But for those of you who don't know, Warp is the tool being built by Nethermind that allows developers to transpile Solidity code to Cairo code in order to run it on Starknet. Now, as Greg says here, this is absolutely not production ready. There's still stuff they need to implement, but PRs are welcome. And you can head to this link here to check it all out for yourself. As I said, this is one for the developers. If you're not a developer, probably not much interest to you, but still cool to see these things kind of like moving along here, because they're going to be instrumental in getting adoption of Starknet, as Starknet is obviously not an EVM compatible network. But that's not going to hold them back, right? You can do the transpiling here. You can have native apps being built there. I don't think that Starknet not being EVM compatible is bearish at all. I think it's actually quite bullish for Starknet. It allows them to differentiate from the other ecosystems. But it doesn't mean that the other ecosystems, the EVM compatible ones, it's bearish for them either. There's going to be a kind of like pie that gets so much bigger than we can even imagine, guys, that all these things are going to tap into. So I'm very much looking forward to seeing how that plays out. And as I said before, I'm very much looking forward to seeing Starknet keep being developed and get to a point where their ecosystem rivals the arbitrums and the optimisms and the Polygon POS chains of the world, because that just makes for a kind of better ecosystem and more competition there. So as I said, this one's for developers, but it's for developers to develop things for users. So at the end of the day, it's for users there. All right, so Synthetix has reposted their roadmap today. And as I covered this on the review when they posted this roadmap. So this is their 2022 roadmap. You can see here things that have been done in Q1, then in Q2, and Q3, and Q4. So I just wanted to highlight this as a blog post accompanying it, if you haven't read it yet, from January 25th, 2022. Cain's actually pretty big on layer 2 stuff. He's been in it for quite a while, Cain, the founder of Synthetix. And I think he's got a point to prove, which is why I've always thought Synthetix was an interesting project because people, I guess, have bet against it for a long time. And to be fair, Synthetix as a kind of like project has been slow to develop like we wanted it to, but they've also been a victim of, I guess, like the low scaling at layer 1. They were first to basically start looking at building on layer 2 on optimism. And they're obviously live on there now. They're doing a lot of great work. As you can see in their roadmap, they have a bunch of stuff coming this year as well. And obviously, they've probably got stuff coming next year too. But I think that their product just didn't really work at layer 1 once fees got higher. I remember people kind of like staking their SNX tokens and being like, wow, okay. I mean, the fees are so high because the contracts for SNX staking were extremely gas inefficient because when they were created in early 2019, you didn't have to worry about gas because Gwei was like cheap as hell. I mean, it was under five. There was no worrying about gas prices back then. So I remember it being like $500 or something to claim your SNX staking rewards. And obviously, for most users, that was more in fees than they actually earned in staking rewards. So then I believe Synthetix did a thing where they kind of like migrated to better contracts and then, or upgraded the contracts to be more gas efficient. Then they're just like, well, screw this. Let's just move everything to layer 2, get it done, get it over with. And those sorts of things is what has kind of like put them back a few steps because obviously migrating their whole thing to a new platform requires getting all the users on there, getting people interested again, and kind of like building out things again. But now that they're on there, there's a whole ecosystem, right? There's other protocols building on top or building around it like Lyra and Quentar and Thales. And there's a few others out there. I'm probably forgetting the names right now. But yeah, I just think that Synthetix has been that kind of like project that people have loved to hate. But at the same time, I think they're going to prove people wrong as they kind of like scale on layer 2 as they build out their protocol and as they kind of get more features that only work on layer 2. Because at the end of the day, as I said, that I think is their biggest, was it basically their Achilles heel, was the fact that they were on a layer 1. And it worked for a little bit. But then obviously as the gas fees got too expensive, it stopped working. So yeah, I really, really am looking forward to seeing how they kind of like scale this all out and how they kind of like build this out in the coming year or so. All right, so Optimism is, or shared a screenshot from a, I guess, transaction on the Optimistic Etherscan page you can see here saying, are there is this you, or this you. So they're obviously teasing, are they going live on Optimism, which, you know, obviously are they live on a bunch of EVM compatible networks. But and the V3 is live on, I think, seven different EVM compatible networks on their test nets, both layer 2s and layer 1s and side chains, of course. So this is kind of like teasing it even more here. So, I mean, I'm very much looking forward to are they going live on Optimism, on Arbitrum, on these layer 2s, on the Plogon POS chain, all that sort of stuff. Because as I've said before, like they're a core pillar of the DeFi ecosystem. You need a money market, you need a money market that people trust. You need one that actually kind of like has more assets than just like the handful. And, you know, I'm kind of disappointed here in the kind of like other money markets, especially compound. I don't know what they're doing. As far as I know, compound is not on any network except Ethereum layer 1. They were building their own chain or had planned to build their own app chain for a while called comp chain. But that apparently has been quietly abandoned. And, you know, to be honest, I wrote a blog post about this when they announced this saying that I think that this was going to fail and that should have built on a layer 2 instead. But it seems that they've quietly abandoned that and aren't actually building on layer 2s. At least I haven't heard anything about that. Now, maybe if they're working on it in the background, then, you know, maybe they are. But it's kind of sad that that's kind of like the state of things because compound was huge in DeFi summer. They pioneered, well, not pioneered, they popularized liquidity mining. Synthetics pioneered it. But compound popularized that in June 2020 when they launched the com token and started doing like some aggressive liquidity mining. And then obviously, you know, the rest came after that in DeFi summer, like yearn and yam and all the food forks and stuff like that. But compound was really big back then. It was absolutely massive, guys. It was the biggest money market for a while because of that liquidity mining. But then over time, obviously, people lost interest. You know, DeFi summer wound down and things got quiet. But compound doesn't really innovated too much since then on any fronts. They haven't moved to layer 2s. They haven't got any plans to move to layers 2s as far as I know. And it's just sad. So that's why I get excited when things like Aavere are going to go live because we do need, obviously, money markets to be live on these sorts of things. Money markets to be live on these sorts on these layer 2s because they're core pillars of, I guess, the DeFi ecosystem as well as AMMs. That's why I was so excited to see Uniswap go live on these things because at the end of the day, like Uniswap has a stupidly strong brand, you know, a lot of trust behind it. And, you know, I think that they're one of the only DeFi protocols out there that actually are viewed as legit, even though, you know, I know there's problems that people bring up about their token, how it doesn't have any value accrual and there's no fees being turned on. But honestly, guys, I actually don't think that's a problem for Uniswap. It hasn't really affected them in any adverse way. They seem to be doing really well in terms of like volumes and growth and all that sort of stuff. And I don't think their fees, which not being turned on yet, has been detrimental there. But anyway, cool to see this from Aavere here. Very much looking forward to seeing them kind of go live on Optimism and other EVM compatible networks. All right. So finally here, we have an announcement from Wallet Connect that they have raised an $11 million series, a funding round. Now, for those of you who don't know what Wallet Connect is, I'm sure a lot of you do. They're basically a service that allows you to essentially kind of like, you know, do what the name implies, connect your kind of like wallets to Web3 applications. So for example, where this is popular is if you've got like a mobile wallet that you want to use with a desktop kind of Web3 app, you basically scan a QR code and you're able to kind of like send transactions using the Wallet Connect service. So yeah, I mean, now they've raised... And they've been building for quite a while here. I think for... It's been ages, probably 2017 maybe. I'm not sure how long it's been, but it's been, you know, at least four or five years, I would have to say here. I remember that kind of like seeing them build through the bear market. They were one of the coolest things back then. I still think it's one of the coolest things and one of the kind of like most underrated things here. And I'm just trying to kind of like load up the blog post here because I wanted to kind of go through the investors, but I think the blocks website is either offline or my internet doesn't want to play nice with me today. But yeah, unfortunately I can't open that, but I can see here in the little blurb that the round was correlated by Union Square Ventures and 1KX. And 1KX is a pretty active crypto investor. Union Square Ventures or USV is mostly a Web2 investor, but they've obviously been getting involved with more of the Web3 kind of like crypto stuff over the past couple of years. But yeah, I guess congrats to Wallet Connect on this raise. $11 million is a nice amount for a series A. It'll give them plenty of runway to continue building something that I consider to be a core piece of infrastructure for the Web3 ecosystem, for the Ethereum ecosystem. And I hope to see them have much more success here. All right, I have a few minutes left. Today's topic of discussion for the end of the podcast that I just came up with is investors and all the money they have and investors from Web2 and Web3 native ones and all that sort of stuff. What I wanted to talk about for a few minutes there was basically it's really, really funny how so many of these traditional Web2 investors wouldn't touch crypto until the past couple of years. And that's simply because the prices went up. They saw all this kind of like activity. They saw these insane returns that some of these funds were kind of like having from investing early on in crypto projects and then riding the wave up. They saw the fact that they get early liquidity. They can get really good deal terms for better or worse for the everyday investor. But they're pouring billions and billions and billions of dollars in, whereas three or four years ago, they didn't want to know about crypto. They wrote it off. They thought it was dead. They thought it was, ah, this experiment is kind of like failed, whatever. This is all going to fail. This is all going to zero. And back then, obviously, there was a lot less to be excited about. Obviously, NFTs weren't in the spotlight at all. But DeFi was still there. And if you were an early investor in any of the DeFi projects, you did really well. I mean, Paradigm, one of Paradigm's legendary investor investments and Paradigm, for those of you who don't know, are one of the best VC firms in this space. But one of their, I guess, legendary investments was Uniswap. They were the only check into Uniswap in early 2019. I was at the conference where they invested in Uniswap at Edcon in Sydney in 2019. They invested a million dollars into Uniswap. Now, a million dollars back then was a pretty big deal. And back then, no one was doing tokens or anything like that. And people wondered, what are they investing for? How are they going to get a return on investment here? Because no one expected Uniswap to do a token. Obviously, fast forward, Uniswap did a token. But Paradigm invested in their other rounds too. But that first investment for Paradigm, I can't remember what the valuation for Uniswap was back then. But if it was like a one on 10 mil valuation, let's just say, or maybe a one on five, but even just a one on 10, and what, Uniswap's token went to a $10 billion fully diluted valuation? Higher than that at the peak, right? That is 1000x guys return on a million dollars, right? Now, I don't know if there were more kind of like dilutive rounds later on that kind of like diluted the initial investors, stuff like that. Maybe it only ended up being 100x in the end or something. I think even 100x in putting in a million, that's $100 million. I think it was more than that though. I'm pretty sure they made billions of dollars off of their Uniswap investment there. In two-ish years, or maybe two and a half, three years if you want to call it that. Now, and then you have VCs from the Web2 world looking at this and being like, what the hell? What these guys just made all this money in three years from investing in one of these early stage startups. When traditionally, to see those kinds of returns in traditional VC, you have to wait an average seven years for a company to IPO. And then even then, you might get diluted all the way to like the series D or E rounds. So it's just kind of like funny how, I mean for better or worse, all this money is now flooding in. And it's very good for this ecosystem, don't get me wrong. But it may not be too good for retail investors because obviously by the time these kind of like tokens hit the market, they're heavily inflated, right? The market cap's already really high. As I've discussed before, a lot of these L2s, of which like full disclosure, I'm an investor in pretty much all of them, like a private investor in pretty much all of them. And obviously I stand to benefit from this. But I think it's a no brainer to say that these things are going to open up at least multi-billion dollar valuations, if not multi $10 billion valuations from the sheer hype around them, but also from the sheer fact that they have immediate product market fit. Like if there is one thing that has product market fit in this industry, it's block space. And doing block space and creating more block space in a decentralized, secure, sustainable, healthy way for the long term. And that's why I mean, I've invested in all of them. Like I have not never turned down a scalability team that have kind of like said, Hey, do you want to, you know, you want to invest? I mean, of course I do. Like it kind of like falls into my entire thesis around Ethereum. But in saying that, like I'm obviously lucky enough to get access to those sorts of things, but a lot of investors aren't. Now the billion dollar question becomes once these tokens go live, will everyday investors be able to invest in them at a fair valuation where they can actually share in the upside over the long term? And this was the topic of today's newsletter where I basically said that, you know, it's kind of hard sometimes for these projects, especially the L2s are in a very hard place where they're like, okay, if we do a token, it's going to be really, really hyped up. It's going to open out a massive valuation. But like, how do we distribute this thing? How do we get it into the hands of our users, of people who actually are part of our community? Because as we've seen over the past few months in the Kona token landscape, most of them launched at really high full- for the kind of like investors in the public markets who get screwed here. And there's nothing I can do about it personally. I mean, I can give my feedback to teams and stuff like that and saying, you know, maybe you should do a public sale if that's possible. But that is actually prevented a lot of the time by regulations, not by the team not wanting to do it. You know, I can try to guide them and say you should do like a really, really healthy airdrop. You know, you should not do aggressive liquidity mining where the token just gets sold down to zero. But at the end of the day, there's only so much I can do in kind of like helping him. I'm only one guy. And as I said, most of these tokens don't actually have a reason to be worth anything because they're not designed well. The tokenomics are really bad. The projects just kind of like failed. But I think as I said, when it comes to L2s, they already have product market fit. There's no kind of like- there's no doubt in my mind that they're going to be the most successful things in this industry. But does that translate to token worth? I don't know, right? As I said, I've invested in these things. I stand to benefit if it does translate to the token price. But I can't guarantee that. I have absolutely no idea what the token price is going to do. I've absolutely no idea if there's going to be any value accrual mechanisms there or if it's going to be like a uni kind of gig where they're too scared to put on the fee switch because of regulators, all that sorts of stuff. I don't know, guys. But I've ranted long enough. I've filled up the 30 minutes here. Just wanted to kind of like get that off my chest as I've been thinking about that a lot lately and just I don't have a good solution. That's as simple as that. But anyway, I'm going to leave it at that. Thank you, everyone, for listening and watching. Be sure to subscribe to the channel if you haven't yet. Give it a thumbs up. Subscribe to the newsletter. Join the Discord channel. And I'll catch you all tomorrow. Thanks, everyone.