This month's news was made possible by 537 Patreon supporters and by our proud sponsor, Surfshark VPN. It would be an understatement to call August a big month for the series. Not only is this the longest entry the team has ever worked on, but it's also by far the biggest project that the channel has completed since its creation in 2016. By the 5th of this month, I had received so many messages from people around the world that we could have made an entire full length episode on just these stories alone. The entire project was relentlessly clawing from one enormous event to the next, and ultimately only just scraping through at the finish line. This year has already seen so many changes and tragedies. But this month may very likely be looked back on as the most eventful of them all. This was the news in your world for August 2020. On the afternoon of August 4th, a port warehouse in the capital city of Lebanon, Beirut, caught fire. As of time of writing, the cause of the fire is unconfirmed by state officials and investigators. However, what is known is that the resulting blaze ignited 2,750 tons of the industrial chemical, ammonium nitrate, which went on to cause one of the largest non-nuclear explosions in history. Experts have estimated the blast to be the equivalent to 1,500 tons of TNT, or around 10% of the intensity of a Hiroshima nuclear blast. The explosion caused damage as far as 40 kilometers away, and was heard as far as the island nation of Cyprus, 200 kilometers to the northwest. Within hours of the explosion, citizens took to the streets in protest, blaming government negligence and corruption as the cause of the explosion. All officials who had overseen the port were subsequently arrested, and every single cabinet member of the Lebanon government later resigned. When the dust settled, 154 people had been left dead, 6,000 had been injured, and 300,000 citizens of Beirut were now homeless. Between 3 to 6 billion US dollars of damage was believed to be done, and although the terrorist organization, Hezbollah, was believed to have caused the explosion, a spokesman of the organization has denied any involvement. As the old saying goes, never attribute to malice, that which is adequately explained by stupidity. As always, we'll try to keep Covid 19 news to a minimum. As of the last day of editing, here are the current confirmed cases worldwide. The United States is currently in first place with a convincing lead, however both India and Brazil are in heavy competition over that coveted number 2 position. Vietnam and New Zealand continue to make the world look like smooth brain idiots, with both, at one point, maintaining a streak of over 100 days, without a single locally acquired case. The US state of Georgia was hit particularly hard this month, with the state seeing many school districts return to in-person classes, included in its aggressive reopening strategy. It's a bold strategy Cotton, let's see if it pays off for them. Shortly after reopening, 1800 students and teachers were forced into quarantine, in Cherokee County alone, which for those counting at home, is still more than New Zealand's total cases since January. As a result of this spike in cases, all schools in the county temporarily closed, in order to deep clean each of the campuses, and attempt to maintain education through online learning. Brian Kemp, the governor of Georgia, subsequently dropped the lawsuit against the mandatory mask mandate, which he filed against last month. Georgia is merely the fifth most infected state in the US currently, with New York, Florida, Texas, and California all claiming the top spots. Even if California seceded from the United States entirely, it would currently still take the 14th place in terms of deaths, and 5th place in overall confirmed cases. Protests have become even more heated across Belarus this month, after official results of the recent election showed a landslide victory for current president, and presumably used car salesman, Alexander Lukashenko. Despite facing an official approval rating of 24%, or as low as 3% by independent polls, Mr Lukashenko somehow obtained 80.1% of the vote, which was understandably quickly followed by widespread accusations of election tampering. Alexander Lukashenko, much like a surprising amount of other incompetent world leaders, has been heavily criticized for his handling of the COVID-19 pandemic, previously stating that it was a frenzy and a psychosis, and that preventions from infection included working the tractors, drinking vodka, and going to saunas. The interesting growing trend of world leaders inventing fake cures for corona will surely be the subject of future analysis, but it's safe to say that every single head of state who's attempted to promote alternative medicine for the outbreak, is objectively, and beyond reasonable doubt, an absolute fucking idiot. Before we go any further, a quick side story. In March 2019, a Belarusian man by the name of Sahil Sighenowski, decided to start a YouTube channel, where he would talk about the stories of Belarusian entrepreneurs, as well as social and political topics within the nation. Fast forward to May of this year, and Mr Sighenowski has racked up an impressive 243,000 subscribers, and has become increasingly critical of Alexander Lukashenko's presidency. On the 7th of May, only 14 months after posting his very first video, Sahil Sighenowski announces that he intends to become a candidate for the upcoming election. Before the end of May, the politically inclined YouTube creator would be arrested twice, for seemingly no reason, leading to several human rights groups condemning the Belarusian authorities for arbitrary detention. Mr Sighenowski's application to run was subsequently rejected, along with a handful of others, on bullshit charges. But this didn't stop his wife, and English teacher, by the name of Svetlana Tsikhanovskaya, from taking up the mantle, and going on to secure the endorsements of two prominent opposition campaigns, that were barred from registering. Radars in support of Mrs Tsikhanovskaya, were seen to be the biggest in the nation's post-Soviet history, and was able to attract as much as 6% of the entire population at a single rally, in the nation's capital of Minsk. After the election results were released, and found to be complete horseshit, Svetlana Tsikhanovskaya was forced into exile, leaving the country for neighboring Lithuania, in fear of imprisonment. On the 14th of August, using her husband's YouTube channel, Mrs Tsikhanovskaya, claimed to have won the presidential election with between 60 to 70% of the vote, and announced that the transfer of power was supported by the government of Lithuania. Widespread protests subsequently took hold of the Eastern European nation, calling for Alexander Lukashenko to step down. However, much like every protest covered this year, this inevitably led to a lot of dodgy shit by local authorities. Reports of thousands of protesters being arrested, has received scathing criticism from human rights groups, which was only worsened when freed detainees began to report several instances of torture, while being imprisoned. Stories quickly surfaced about prisoners being stripped, beaten, kept in crowded and extremely unsanitary rooms, and in some cases, threatened with sexual assault. This was accompanied by internet services within the country, briefly being taken offline, however, this was quickly worked around, by the clever use of VPNs and proxies. Strikes across the country within state-owned factories, have seen hundreds of employees walk off their work sites, and there has even been reports of ex-soldiers and police officers, burning their uniforms in solidarity with the protesters. What followed was a mass walk out of state-run media personnel, which were then quickly replaced by Russian media teams, flown in by Russian president and close ally of Mr Lukashenko, Vladimir Putin. The European Union later announced that they did not recognize the result of the recent election, before going on to impose sanctions on individuals, who were involved in the election fraud and preceding repression of protesters. An international election monitor in Europe has not recognized elections in Belarus, as free and fair, since 1995, which is coincidentally, one year after Mr Lukashenko was first elected. In terms of leadership changes, the West African country of Mali, proved that you don't need unnecessary things like elections, or widespread protests, to see a government change hands. On a regular Tuesday, a bunch of mutinying soldiers took control of the Katayami camp, located roughly 15 kilometers, or 164 American football fields, from the nation's capital of Bamako. From there, the soldiers drove into the city, stormed the government buildings, and demanded the resignation of President Ibrahim Babak Al-Kerta, to which he replied, Fuckin sure I guess. That night, President Kerta, appeared on state television, and announced to the nation, If today, certain elements of our armed forces, want this to end through their intervention, do I really have a choice? I hold no hatred towards anyone, my love of my country does not allow me to, may god save us. The Prime Minister, President, and the President's son, were all subsequently detained, and just like that, a few of the army lads from a nearby base, changed the leadership of a nation, in one afternoon. President Kerta, won a second term in office in 2018, but since June, has faced continued protests criticizing the mismanagement of the economy, a dispute of legislative elections, and general good old fashioned corruption. It was noted, that the soldiers who detained President Kerta, were even cheered by an anti-government crowd, as they rolled into the capital, however, other residents were not as enthusiastic to see the President leave office, with many unhappy, that the country was entirely without a government. Military officers, who orchestrated the coup, pledged that they would strive to restore stability, and oversee a transition to democratic elections within a reasonable period. In terms of the international reaction, it can be best described, as what happens, when you decide to use nuclear weapons, when playing civilization 6, with not a single nation around the globe, supporting the military coup. The economic bloc of West Africa immediately imposed sanctions, the UN Security Council urged the mutineers, to release the President and go home, and similar sentiments were echoed within the region, and throughout the world. It's currently unclear, what the future looks like for this poor West African nation, many are upset to see the years without a coup counter, be finally reset to zero. As seemingly easy as this was, not all takeovers, are so successful. In Venezuela, two US mercenaries, have been sentenced to 20 years in prison, after a failed coup, led to their capture, at the start of May. The operation, which involved an estimated 60 men, and was foiled almost immediately, was an attempt to either capture, or assassinate Venezuela's current President, Uncle Roscoe, who refused to give up power, after the nation's 2018 election. Although the US government has officially placed a 15 million dollar bounty on the Venezuelan President, for his involvement in a narcotics terrorism conspiracy, the operation was organized by a Florida based private security company, which claims they were promised 213 million dollars, by the widely recognized opposition leader to the country, Juan Guaido. When asked about the operation, Mr. Guaido denied any involvement, however, the private security firm cited an alleged contract, which may have been discussed with Mr. Guaido's subordinates. What's clear, is that no money actually exchanged hands for the coup, and the operation was instead crowdfunded in large part, from Venezuelan emigrants living in Colombia, working as Uber drivers. The operation, which was said by the private security company founder, to be inspired by Alexander the Great, was not only outnumbered over 5000 to 1, and not only was an airsoft gun, reportedly found among the invasion equipment, but they also announced the coup on twitter, while also tagging the president of the United States for good measure. Following the failed invasion, the swag news team reached out to the private security firm for a comment, but did not receive a reply. The two captured American mercenaries, have been charged with conspiracy, trafficking in illegal weapons, and terrorism, and the Venezuelan president claims, that this is proof of the United States trying to overthrow his government. Viewers who are interested in the situation, can refer to the list of sources in the description, or support the channel, by getting yourself an expertly designed displate, of Uncle Roscoe for your wall. Hehe boi. Calls for China to lose their title, to host the 2022 Winter Olympic Games, have been addressed directly to International Olympic Committee President, Thomas Bache, over its continued violation of human rights. China has long come under heavy criticism for its treatment of its ethnic Uyghur population, with an estimated 1 million currently being held, in what the Chinese state defines, as re-education camps. Initially denying the camps entirely, China has since defended them, as a necessary measure to combat extremism, separatism, and terrorism within the country's far western region of Xinjiang. While nothing is inherently bad, about trying to prevent acts of violence, the Chinese government, as previously mentioned in other news videos, can classify these terms however they want. For context, here are a few things, that Chinese authorities classify, as suspicious signs of extremist tendencies. Speaking with someone who has traveled abroad, owning extra food, owning a compass, having a VPN, abstaining from smoking or drinking, having a full beard, speaking a native language in a school or work setting, wearing a scarf in the presence of the Chinese flag, being publicly sad when your parents die, inviting multiple families to your house without registering with the police department, or being at all related to anyone, who has done any of the above. Based on these metrics, the SWAG news team could rival the Taliban, in terms of extremist capabilities, but if we have the will power to endure hundreds of smooth brain replies in the comment section every month, you can be sure we don't have the insane level of impulse it would take, to commit legitimate acts of terrorism. The fact is, that the entire reason for rounding up a million Uyghurs into concentration camps is completely irrelevant, and that the terms extremism and terrorism become entirely meaningless, when they are defined so broadly. Inside these camps, conditions are as bad as you'd imagine. A model for a Chinese retailer, by the name of Murdengapper, was recently able to sneak messages out of one of these camps, which gives us a slice of what it's like to live on the inside. Mr. Gapper describes small rooms, filled with 50 or 60 people, each wearing handcuffs and leg shackles, and when once complaining about his restraints being too tight, a guard told him that he would be beaten to death if he brought it up again. He describes the constant sound of screaming coming from interrogation rooms elsewhere in the jail, and that he once heard a man scream from morning until the evening. When it came time for meals, guards would make those with infectious diseases eat last, because inmates would only have a handful of plastic bowls and spoons between them, and conditions were described to be horribly unsanitary. This was but one account from a single concentration camp out of an estimated million prisoners. Others who have escaped have described the process of forced sterilization and injecting prisoners with unknown substances, and a human rights group investigation in 2015 revealed that a prison inmate in China was forced to wear a torture device for eight years. According to a report by the Australian Strategic Policy Institute, an estimated 80,000 or more Uyghurs were transferred from such camps to work in factories across China, which resemble prisons, complete with barbed wire, watchtowers, cameras, and a dedicated police station. These factories were found to be in the supply chain for 83 well-known global brands, including Nike, Apple, and Dell, who seem to have been unknowingly using what is essentially slave labor. The United Nations has yet to respond to China's policies toward Uyghur treatment in Xinjiang, however, with the suppression of religious practices, state-sponsored re-education, and numerous human rights abuses, including forced sterilization, it appears that even the most incompetent lawyer could easily make a case for a cultural genocide within China. Although there has not yet been any formal recognition of these practices in the United Nations, 54 members have openly supported China's policies, while only 23 have condemned them. For those of you who might be watching many years from when this video is released, please know that you have every right to judge the people of 2020 for watching this happen, and being too spineless to stop an entire culture be slowly wiped out before our very eyes. Hong Kong's continued struggle for its shriveling independence has led to one of the most prominent arrests since demonstrations started in early 2019. Media tycoon and prominent pro-democracy activist, Jimmy Lai, was arrested this month, which saw a staggering 200 police officers raid the offices of his newspaper, Apple Daily. Jimmy Lai's publication is often considered one of the last pro-democracy newspapers left in Hong Kong, after Chinese officials passed the infamous security law at the end of June, which is a thinly veiled attempt at legitimizing the suppression of democracy advocates within the region. Once again flexing their muscles as the undisputed best protesters in the world, supporters of Jimmy Lai, took the opportunity to buy a metric shit ton of the publisher's stock, which saw its price rise by more than 1000%. 40 hours after his arrest, Mr Lai was released on bail, and his estimated 6.5 million worth of assets were subsequently frozen. Since June, the Hong Kong education system has also seen changes that have raised concern among pro-democracy advocates. Not only are schools now required to display the Chinese flag and sing the Chinese national anthem, but the learning material itself has also seen some alterations. In 2009, Hong Kong's Education Bureau introduced a new compulsory subject called Liberal Studies, which was intended to teach several topics, including critical thinking, globalization, and other contemporary issues. As you can imagine, a notoriously authoritarian government had key changes they wanted to make in the textbooks used for the subject, which included removing phrases such as, rule by law, human rights, and separation of powers. The 1980-90 In Min Square Massacre was also, very predictably, on the list of changes. Since the introduction of the new security law, the rules within Hong Kong seem to have been more flexible than ever before, as criminal cases, where a taxi driver ran into a crowd of demonstrators, and a police officer who shot a protester point blank in the chest, have mysteriously been dropped. On the other end of the spectrum, Article 38 of the new law made it illegal worldwide to advocate for an independent and democratic Hong Kong. By popular request, viewers who wish to join the SWAG News team in breaking Chinese law, can buy a custom designed wall decoration, made by our good friends at Displate. A link to the design will be in the description. Let's talk about Turkish internet. A few weeks ago, Turkey passed a law, which expands its ability to regulate the use of social media within the country. Any social media site with more than 1 million daily users, such as Facebook or YouTube, will now be required to set up offices within the nation, and any company who refuses, will be immediately subject to penalties, such as lower accessibility and bandwidth. The primary function of the offices, would be to respond to users who post content that the government views as offensive, with the platforms in question, only having 48 hours to remove such content, or be faced with penalties in excess of $700,000. A representative of Human Rights Watch, has voiced their concern over the new laws, stating that the Turkish government will now be able to control social media within Turkey, and arbitrarily target individual users. The president of Turkey, Rashid Teiturdwan, has already seized control over most media channels within the country, claiming this control is intended to protect Turkey's people from cyber crime and slander. A party representative announced that although conventional media within Turkey is acting within a certain discipline and order, social media sites are currently acting entirely on their own. The consensus among many who oppose this measure, is that Turkey is not only potentially entering a dark age of censorship, but is taking an active role in silencing any form of open discussion or dissent, from the current government in power. When considering that we previously mentioned that the Belarus election was in large part won by a school teacher, because her husband started making random YouTube videos only last year, it is unsurprising that an authoritarian government would want to suppress any opposition to their flawed position of power. Social media companies within Turkey, will now have to make a decision from the lesser of two evils. Either they agree to set up offices within Turkey and be essentially a tool of censorship for the Turkish government, or their sites will be so slowed within the country that they will be practically blocked within its borders. Both Twitter and Facebook had declined to comment on the new laws, however in Twitter's transparency report for the first half of 2019, Turkey had the highest number of content removal requests, with more than 6000. Whether the Turkish government wanted to censor criticism of its leadership, or still unacknowledged 100 year old war crimes, they should probably be frightened by today's sponsor. If you're trying to stay anonymous online, or just want to watch region locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN will allow you to appear in any country of your choosing, which will not only stop your assigned FBI agent from looking at your rule 34 Digimon searches, but users can find a wealth of new Netflix content, exclusive to other nations. No longer do you have to use LimeWire and give your computer HIV to watch Battlefield Earth, which is widely regarded as both Scientology propaganda and a personal favorite of Tom Cruise. Simply set your region to Canada, and relax with the knowledge that Netflix now thinks you're a typical moose riding member of the commonwealth. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 85% discount, 3 months for free, and users who are even 1% and satisfied can back out in the first 30 days, and get a full refund for any reason at all. Surfshark VPN, it's cheaper than the other ones. The West Asian Nation Perhaps the most overlooked country for this series has been the West Asian nation of Yemen. After briefly looking at some articles from the country and being overwhelmed by the entire situation, I decided to create a new research folder, knuckle down, and give the entire project to Jack the intern. The following isn't necessarily news for this month in particular, but rather the story of how this nation has found itself in one of the most dire humanitarian crisis of the modern day. To minimize bias, the team has tried to delegate stories on the basis of who is least impacted by the events unfolding, but bear in mind that these lines tend to get quite messy. Like all good stories, let's start with a fun lesson in history. Following the shooting of famous band France Ferdinand In 1914, most of Europe decided to kill each other in what would become known as World War I, and five years later, the side who spoke the least German came out victorious. The end of the war, symbolically, marked the twilight era of the age of empires, and the far-off nations under the control of many of the defeated European powers were subsequently divided among the victors. In many cases, these regions which were now under new management were now puppet states of these still gloating winners of the war. When massive oil deposits were found in the Middle East in 1909, you can bet every tea bag and croissant that the now French-controlled state of Syria and the British colony of Iraq wanted every drop they could get their hands on. However, while these two European powers were dividing the spoils from the fresh corpse of the Ottoman Empire, they had overlooked areas further south, in the Arabian peninsula. As a result, a power vacuum in the region was noticed by a tribe called the Saudis, which saw the enormous land mass as free real estate. The Saudis would go on to conquer Arabia, eventually forming the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the nation we all know and love today. The only lands in Arabia not under Saudi control were the kingdoms of Yemen and Oman. This is where things get spicy. The Saudis, who were notoriously more fundamentalist than other sects of Islam at the time, went on to influence extremist movements across the Middle East throughout the 20th century, and to this day, with a WikiLeaks document linking the Saudi Arabian Kingdom to greatest hits groups including the Taliban and Al-Qaeda. The very same document also linked the CIA to funding similar groups from as early as 1968 for their own national interests, which is a strategy that allows a country to influence a region without direct involvement. The age of world wars was over, the age of proxy wars had begun. We now fast forward to today. Since the unification of North and South Yemen, the nation has been ravaged by sanctions and internal disputes. One of these disputes became known as the Houthi Insurgency, which in 2004 saw the armed Houthi political movement rebelling to oppose Saudi Arabian interference around the Middle East. The insurgency has since grown into a full-scale civil war, and much like Vietnam, was once the battleground between two ideological enemies who didn't openly engage in fighting. Yemen has found itself as the land where more powerful states have come to exert their influence and settle their differences. The intricacies of this proxy war is staggering, and explaining why the huge number of players have interest in the war would quite literally take hours, however, perhaps this isn't the point. Due to the instability of the region, its perpetual state of war, and the subsequent sanctions imposed by western nations, the average citizen of Yemen is now impoverished and without the means to better their prospects. The United Nations has declared the situation in Yemen the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II, with food shortages, floods, locust plagues, and thousands of civilian casualties, on top of the Covid-19 outbreak that is already single-handedly crippling even the most developed and wealthy nations. The culmination of all of these crises has led to two out of three of all citizens not being able to afford enough food, and it is estimated that a child dies every ten minutes, with millions more being severely malnourished. They say that history is written by the victor, but in the middle of one of the most complicated proxy wars of all time, good and evil become less relevant than ever before, and the only clear result of this blurred and drawn out confrontation is that the people suffering the most are innocent civilians who got caught in the middle of a conflict that they never wanted to be involved with. The Greek government has come under heavy criticism this month after a report by the New York Times found that more than a thousand refugees had been secretly expelled from the country in recent months before being abandoned at sea at the edge of Greek territorial waters. At least 31 such expulsions have occurred, according to evidence from three independent watchdogs, two academic researchers, and the Turkish coast guard, which have all been denied by the Greek government. Greece has remained at the center stage for European migration since 2015, however, many within the nation have become frustrated at the modest assistance offered by neighboring European countries to handle such large quantities of migrants. Tension between Greece and Turkey have been at troubling heights over the continued migrant crisis, and some Greek officials have even accused the Turkish government of weaponizing migrants to increase pressure on Europe for raid and assistance in the Syrian civil war. Turkey notoriously openly bussed thousands of migrants to the Greek border earlier in the year, which led to the shooting of at least one Syrian refugee and the immediate expulsion of hundreds more. 50-year-old Najma Ralkatip, a Syrian teacher and refugee, claimed that she and 22 others were taken from a Greek detention center under the cover of darkness, left in a motorless raft, before eventually being rescued by the Turkish coast guard. Ms. Al-Khatib told the New York Times, I left Syria for fear of bombing, but when this happened, I wished I died under a bomb. New York Times best-selling writer and US President Donald Trump has brokered a peace deal this month between Israel and the United Arab Emirates. The deal, which has been called a historic breakthrough within the region, sees the United Arab Emirates become the third Middle Eastern country to achieve diplomatic ties with Israel. The two nations are now expected to cooperate on a broad range of topics, including tourism, education, healthcare, trade, and security, and the US President hopes that this deal will open up the possibility of further cooperation between Middle Eastern nations. The international community has mostly welcomed the shift towards peace, but unsurprisingly, like with any decision made within the region since the invention of the wheel, it hasn't been free from critics. Palestine, which currently resides within the borders of Israel, has denounced the agreement, as although it temporarily halts any attempts from Israel to seize Palestine-occupied territory, the entire deal was made on their behalf, without any input of its administration or its people. Palestine's recognition as a state is currently contested internationally, with this very confusing map showing which nations acknowledge which power structure within the territory. The lasting impact of the deal is still yet to be fully understood, however it's generally been viewed as a win for Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and Mr. Trump's reputation as a peace broker ahead of the upcoming presidential election. The swag news team would like to remain neutral on the territory dispute between Israel and Palestine. In the morning of 20 August, prominent Russian lawyer and anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny boarded a plane from the Siberian city of Tomsk, headed to the capital of Moscow. During the flight, Mr. Navalny was said to have become violently ill, and after screaming in pain, and eventually losing consciousness, the pilot made an emergency landing, and the now comatose Navalny was taken to a hospital in the Russian city of Omsk. Being among the fiercest critics of Russian president, Vladimir Putin, Mr. Navalny was suspected of being poisoned. Living up to their stereotype of brutal efficiency, an air ambulance dispatched by a German charity was en route to transport him to a specialist European clinic, however, things wouldn't be that simple. Russian doctors were hesitant to hand over Mr. Navalny, arguing that as his condition was unstable, it would be dangerous to move him as far as Western Europe, although many speculate that this was a stall for time until the suspected poison could no longer be traced. This may be impossible to prove, however following a suspicious trend of Russian doctors falling out of windows as recent as May of this year, shady fuckery is certainly within the realm of reasonable doubt. This wasn't even the first time Mr. Navalny has been poisoned, as he endured a chemical burn to his eye after green dye was splashed on his face in 2017, and only last year, he was suspected of being poisoned while spending time in a jail cell after calling for illegal protests. As of time of writing, Mr. Navalny is in a stable condition in Berlin. WWE Celebrity Hall of Famer and US President Donald Trump has announced that he does not intend to provide emergency funding to the US Postal Service amid the COVID-19 pandemic. The President has, for several months, rallied against mail-in balloting for the upcoming November election, and has claimed that the US Postal Service having an enlarged role in mail-in voting would in his words, perpetuate one of the greatest frauds in history. Voting by mail is expected to be at an all-time high during the upcoming election, with the COVID-19 outbreak making it all the more convenient for those who don't wish to expose themselves to more people than necessary. The SWAG News team has done a shit ton of research on both mail-in voting and the US Postal Service, so hopefully we'll be able to clarify some misconceptions and address valid criticisms of these systems. However, before we begin, I'd like to remind viewers that I'm an Australian who is mostly funded by Patreon donations, who is financially incentivized to not give a shit about US politics. This may come as a surprise, but despite branding a long list of world leaders and public figures as absolute fucking idiots, this channel only ever seems to be called biased when it concerns anything to do with US politics. I'm more than aware that the United States is possibly the most politically divided in its history, apart from maybe that one time, which is why most of the research for this story was just checking sources for political leaning and purposely finding articles from all sides of the political spectrum. With this out of the way, let's dive into this shit show. The first topic to cover is whether the US Postal Service, an agency that has consistently been unable to break even, is even worth funding in the first place. Libertarian critics have long pointed to the US Postal Service as a waste of taxpayer money when private companies such as FedEx have managed to consistently turn a profit. While it's true that the US Postal Service does indeed cost billions in taxpayer money to stay operational, it's worth mentioning that unlike these private entities, it has an obligation to serve even the most remote and unprofitable communities that are often overlooked by the private sector. Many critics also point to the retirement pensions of postal service workers as a key point of wastage, however, this could be an entire point of contention on its own. From what I could find, there were actually very few sources outside of these libertarian thinkers who supported the defunding of the US Postal Service, as despite it not being as efficient as the private sector in many respects, both conservative and progressive publications seem to respect it as a long running taxpayer funded service, much like the police and fire department. A survey conducted in March found that the US Postal Service had the highest approval rating of all federal agencies. What was slightly more contentious was the integrity of voting through the postal service and whether it was safe from voter fraud. The US president has praised the use of absentee voting, which requires voters to request a ballot to be sent to their residence, which would then allow them to vote without needing to attend a polling station. Another method, which has been criticized by the president, is called universal vote by mail, in which some states will simply send a ballot to every registered voter without the need to request one. Critics of this second system have pointed to cases where ballots have been sent to the wrong address or even to registered voters who have died, and they reason that having to request ballots would mitigate this risk entirely. With this being said, experts familiar with the system have called these concerns unfounded, as each ballot is cross checked to ensure no one has voted multiple times. Every ballot has a unique barcode scanned by election officials, and a voter's signature is compared to a voter's registration records. If a ballot does not pass any of these checks, the voter in question will be contacted, and if the voter does not correct this discrepancy, the ballot will be discarded. The main difference between absentee voting and universal vote by mail is whether or not ballots are automatically sent to already registered and verified voters, and only in a handful of states does a person need a legitimate excuse to vote via the US Postal Service. In terms of voter fraud, a database of election fraud by the Conservative Heritage Foundation reported that since the year 2000, there have been 1100 criminal convictions for voter fraud, and of that number, only 143 have involved mail-in ballots. All things considered, this proves to be an extremely good track record when considering the 250 million mail-in ballots cast over the same time frame. Several studies have also found that mail-in voting does not favor one particular political leaning over another, however, 59% of Americans lacked confidence in the honesty of the election process in general, due to factors such as interference from foreign powers and general security concerns. The safety of in-person voting has also come into question, considering the main reason for such a high concentration of mail-in voting is related to the ever-present threat of Covid-19. Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, who has gained a reputation of not giving a shit about party lines, has stated that if handled carefully and according to strict guidelines, there is no reason voters shouldn't be able to vote in person, however, he stressed that voters who are classified as at risk should vote by mail if they are able. The last point of contention around this debate has been the appointing of the US Postal Service head, Louis DeJoy, in the middle of June this year, and his impact within the agency. Since taking the position, Mr. DeJoy has made drastic cost-saving measures, including eliminating employee overtime, removing mail-sorting machines, and reorganizing postal service leadership. Supporters of Mr. DeJoy have praised his previous experience within the private sector, which they believe will allow the US Postal Service to save huge amounts of money over the long term. However, detractors have become concerned that his large stakes in private delivery services, as well as his sizable donations made to the President's campaign, may prove to be a conflict of interest within the role. Critics have also found the appointment suspicious, as despite Mr. DeJoy selling his logistics company for 615 million, the salaried position of Postmaster General pays a comparatively small $300,000. However, when money is no longer a concern, it would be reasonable to assume that he may have accepted the role for what is sometimes referred to as shits and giggles. None of this criticism actually proves any ill intent, and nothing from what I could find pointed to any solid evidence that Mr. DeJoy was acting maliciously, for one reason or another, to slow down the US Postal Service. With this in mind, as the Postal Service is about to enter one of the most intensive and important periods since its inception, these measures that have the potential to slow down ballots enough to miss crucial CAS-offdates, could be viewed as suspicious. After continued backlash, Mr. DeJoy vowed to suspend all operational reforms and initiatives until after the November election has concluded. Viewers are as always encouraged to make up their own mind on the topic, and a link to all sources used is in the description. Final examination results from last year high school students in the UK have come under heavy criticism this month, as many students claim to have been given far lower scores than were predicted. Due to the Covid-19 outbreak, the United Kingdom has chosen to forgo traditional exams in favour of teacher assessments, which sees students graded on their previous performance by those who are most familiar with their progress. The government department responsible for examinations, claimed that while half of teacher assessments will prove to be accurate, an additional one-sixth is predicted to be marked pessimistically, and a further one-third will be marked two favourably. Had this gone unchecked, it was predicted that the results would have been far too generous, and as a consequence, lack credibility for genuinely exceptional students. In an attempt to re-correct this bias, the same department ran teacher assessments through an algorithm which would factor in a variety of things such as previous performance to adjust these grades. This algorithm however, has come under heavy criticism, as it was discovered that nearly 40% of all A-grade level assessments by teachers were downgraded entirely. Students were not only being corrected based on their previous results, but also by the prior results of their school. This meant that many overachieving students attending below average schools were greatly undermarked, and as a result, missed the cut-off for university preferences. I was actually contacted by one such student, who had received offers from some of the most prestigious universities in the country, who because of this algorithm giving his school a low weighting, will now take an additional one to two years to resume his desired career path. There are also cases where students have been failed entirely, as because a previous student did not pass that course from that particular school three years prior, the algorithm determined that at least one student in that topic needed to fail, regardless of their actual performance. Viewers may have also predicted that this weighting system also favors private schools, which are usually better funded and provide better access to facilities and mentors. The algorithm was also more likely to give added weight to the often optimistic grades from teachers if the classes were small and in more niche areas of study. This was because these data sets were determined to be too tiny to accurately rate student performance. However, because smaller niche classes tended to be far more common in private schools, this led to an even more skewed ranking for students who attended these institutions. This is like the pay to win bullshit that launched with Star Wars Battlefront 2 in 2017, but instead of needing to grind 40 hours to unlock Darth Vader, you instead need to grind hundreds of hours to impossibly improve your grades to compensate for the algorithm favoring better funded schools. There is currently an appeal process for these results which will hopefully correct many students who have been undervalued, however, as appeals can only be submitted by the schools themselves at their own expense, critics worry that thousands of students may end up left behind. In an open letter to all internet users of Australia, Google has criticized impending legislation that would, in their description, make Google services dramatically worse. The new laws intend to make large online platforms like Facebook and Google pay fees to local news publishers for showing content on their sites, in a move designed to create a level playing field for news outlets. Earlier in the year, several Australian media companies argued publicly for payments of between 600 million and 1 billion dollars a year from online tech platforms, despite Google last year reportedly only generating around 10 million dollars in revenue from these entities before subtracting expenses. According to Google's open letter, the changes would force an unfair advantage for a select group of news media businesses on both Google and YouTube, as it would require them to notify these media giants of any impending changes to their algorithm. The motherfucking audacity. For those who are unaware, what these media companies are essentially trying to do is the equivalent of walking up to KFC headquarters and demanding the 11 secret herbs and spices because they're having a hard time trying to compete. The YouTube algorithm in particular has been one of the most mysterious and impossible to understand secrets of the modern world, but if I could pay a million dollars to have detailed and ahead of time updates on impending changes, I wouldn't hesitate in putting myself in irreversible crippling debt, because knowing that information in this business is literally a license to print money. It's almost laughable that the largest and most well-funded media companies in Australia find it easier to change the law than to restructure their business model or make better content that can compete with channels that initially couldn't even afford a microphone. If Nine News needed a new head of online content creation, they could have just asked. In the worst scenario, these laws will be allowed to proceed, which would mean independent journalism likely takes a backseat within Australia, however, it was mentioned that these media companies may even up for a collective boycott if commercial negotiations fail. It would be truly terrible if these media sites threatened to pull out of these online platforms entirely. By golly, that would be a huge shame, and every one of the Swag News team would like to encourage all members of these media companies to settle for nothing less than the very reasonable $6 trillion a year that they deserve. Viewers who want to push back against this law are free to sign a petition in the description. Meanwhile, a Michigan Bed and Breakfast takes down their flag at Norway after guests kept confusing it for the Confederate flag, Zimbabwe continues its past time of crippling inflation, and a New Zealand resident is paid $16,000 a year by the Christchurch City Council to be the city's official wizard. Christchurch has yet to experience any wizard-based attacks since his appointment in 1998, and he is currently training a successor to take up his position. TV host and US President Donald Trump announced an executive order this month, which will ban popular social networking app, TikTok, from operating in the United States. The ban, which is set to come into effect in September, comes after the president declared it to be used as a data collection tool for the Chinese government, which may also be capable of conducting disinformation campaigns directed at US citizens. Specific details about the ban have not been made available, but it seems likely that Apple and Google app stores will be required to remove the platform completely. TikTok claims to have tried to negotiate a solution to these security concerns for almost a year, however the president has expressed his interest in the acquisition of TikTok by a US company, provided the US government receives a substantial portion of the fee. Some political commentators speculate that the move may also have a retaliatory economic motive, as the Chinese government has notoriously blocked many US-owned tech companies from operating within the East Asian nation. US citizens who still wish to see talentless idiots embarrass themselves are free to click on YouTube's Trending tab. In entertainment, it's become increasingly apparent that the Covid lockdown has made it particularly difficult for the film industry to meet the demand of 2020, with even Disney posting their first quarterly loss since 2001. This absence of new movies did however open the way for unexpected announcements, including the confirmation of John Wick 5, a potential cameo from a now grown up shark boy and lava girl, and a streaming service opened by Ryan Reynolds that only shows 2003's foolproof. You also get a long list of trailers for Tenet, The Devil All The Time, Black Adam, Wonder Woman 1984, Zack Snyder's Justice League, and Robert Pattinson's Batman. In gaming, popular title, Fortnite, has been kicked off both the Apple and Google app stores this month after attempting to bypass the 30% fee that both companies charge to host their developers. Expecting this to happen, Fortnite publisher, Epic Games, activated their trap card and immediately filed lawsuits against the two tech giants, citing that the 30% commission comes under monopolistic practices. To further demonstrate their premeditation, Epic immediately released a Fortnite ad, which parodies a similar one made by Apple, that first aired in 1984. The reception to the lawsuits have been mixed, with critics arguing that this is merely a publicity stunt, and a way in which a billion dollar company can generate more revenue. Supporters on the other hand, have pointed to Google getting fined 5 billion dollars by the European Union in 2018, for monopolistic behavior, and how even Spotify has complained about losing 30% of their premium subscription revenue, despite Apple recently reaching the unprecedented market cap of 2 trillion dollars. Viewers who want to learn more, can as always view our list of sources in the description. Other notable stories include the announcement that Halo Infinite's multiplayer will be free to play, and will support 120 frames on the Xbox Series X, Ghost of Tsushima getting a multiplayer mode, Sam Fisher joining Rainbow Six Siege, and Factorio finally coming out of beta. It also seemed to be the month for game trailers, which were released for Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War, Cyberpunk 2077, Suicide Squad, Kill the Justice League, Gotham Knights, Surgeon Simulator 2, the remake of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 and 2, and Black Myth, Wukong. This, finally, has been the news for August 2020. For the more perceptive of viewers, you might have noticed that this month's installment was really fucking long. In fact, this was by far the longest video the channel has released since its creation, and there's surely still plenty more stories we could have added in the 5 or 6 day window that Smurfs and the editor had to make it look as good as it does. It does however, raise an important question of whether spending 70 to 80 man hours to make something that becomes irrelevant within a month is worth so much time and energy. This channel has often taken the approach of spending as much time on a project as needed, and likewise, adapting every topic to a length of video that properly reflects its complexity. With this being said, as much as I hate to admit this, news has undoubtedly started cutting into time that could otherwise be used to make other videos. I say this because although having more people to help along the way has made things easier and of a higher quality, it hasn't necessarily made the series any shorter to develop. I'd be very interested to know what viewers believe should be a priority and whether the news should see an adjusted commitment of time. I'd like to thank viewers who watch and share the series to others, and for the continued support of every single Patreon supporter who carries the news on their shoulders. On behalf of the entire team, we hope you all have a wonderful September of 2020.