As has been the case for well over a year, we'll start with our COVID-19 leaderboard. As expected, USA is still proudly in the gold place position, while India does their best to catch up, and Brazil lags behind in third place. Last month, we talked about the supposed wonder drug called divamectin, an anti-parasitic medicine used in a veterinary setting since 1981, and eventually approved for human use in 1987. In our reporting, we covered the initial study that led people to believe that the drug might have been a potential cure for COVID, which proved that divamectin could indeed eradicate the novel coronavirus in high enough doses, which unfortunately was between 20 and 2000 times the standard amounts used to treat parasitic infections in humans. We also mentioned that divamectin was recommended by Alex Jones, very likely the worst source of information on the face of the planet, who is famous for a homosexual frog-based conspiracy. What we didn't expect however, were the huge amount of people who would respond to our coverage, to say that not only were we wrong about divamectin, but also about the homosexual frogs. After much debate among the team, we concluded that proving ourselves wrong would at the very least be really fucking funny. So using these comments as a guide, we decided to give it a second look, and holy fucking shit, we desperately wanted this very angry man to be right. In terms of divamectin, although it's seen enormous success in parasitic infections and curing river blindness, its toxicity in higher doses makes it ineffective against COVID-19, without the drug becoming potentially lethal, and numerous revisions have found the initial study to be scientifically flawed. On this series, we strive to be as honest as we can, and as none of us are even close to qualifying as medical experts, the best we can do is refer to people who are. As it currently stands, the American FDA, the European EMA, and the World Health Organization all strongly recommend against the use of divamectin to treat COVID-19, with an exception being made to well-designed clinical trials. If the science changes to favor the drug in future trials, we fully intend to revisit the topic. However, as it currently stands, for the love of fuck, just listen to whatever your doctor has to say. Finally, we get to revisit the Alex Jones homosexual frog-based claim, which much like the previous story, is a conspiracy theory based on a true foundation. As it turns out, a study by the University of California found that some pesticides have the ability to castrate some frogs, and in some cases, decrease the testosterone levels of others to such an extent that they become female. This doesn't usually become a problem until the next generation, as although these newly female frogs can successfully mate, their offspring will only ever be male as a result. Frogs changing their sex has actually been observed in natural settings before, with some species of frogs seemingly doing so in pristine forest ponds. But some pesticides are known to amplify this phenomenon to devastating effect. In the end, we are able to give Mr. Jones half marks for his comments, as although there are indeed pesticides that leak into bodies of water that can turn male frogs female, this isn't the same as homosexuality. It seems as if a broken clock can indeed be half right twice a day. The incredible progress of Boston Dynamics has always made for some of the most awe-inspiring videos of robots walking, dancing, and pulling off flawless backflips, but we all knew it wouldn't be long until someone tried to use these machines to kill people. Although Boston Dynamics has distanced itself from military applications of its robot lineup, other manufacturers have been eager to fill that incredibly profitable market. Shown off at the Association of the United States' Armisenial Conference, a quad-row pedal robot was captured, with a specialized sniper payload mounted to its back. The collaboration between Ghost Robotics and Small Arms Specialists or International showed off what's being called the Special Purpose Unmanned Rifle, or SPAR, for short. The Call of Duty killstreak is equipped with a 6.5mm gun, the capability for a 30x optical zoom, and boasts an effective range of 1.2km, or nearly 3,000 Colt AR-15 carbines, laid end-to-end for our American viewers watching. A lot of the exact specifications aren't clear concerning the design of the SPAR robot, including how much ammunition it can hold or how difficult it might be to reload. However, Ghost Robotics has confirmed that in its current form, it has no autonomous capabilities. This is however very likely to change, with three other such targeting systems speculated as the end goal of the product. The first would be through an app, controlled from a tablet device from operators in the field, which would control the robot's movements and firing function as needed. The second would be operating the unit from a remote command facility, an option the US Air Force already wants to integrate with VR headsets. The third and most advanced system of operation would be an autonomous unit, able to move, locate, and lock onto potential targets before a human operator is tasked with issuing a command to engage. As far as we can tell, armed quadropedal robots have yet to be used in a combat setting, however, they are currently being tested in support roles, presumably to speed up the queue times for America's next war. An air base in Florida uses similar robots to patrol its swampy perimeter, and while reconnaissance is the most obvious use for these units at the moment, it's speculated that they could be used as mobile cell towers, bomb defusal robots, or be used to deal with chemical or nuclear material. As you might imagine, these images have flagged serious concerns among interest groups, who feel uneasy about having autonomous death machines as the future of warfare. Human Rights Watch is one of 89 non-governmental organizations that have formed a campaign to push for a treaty to ban the use of killer robots across the globe. A 2019 poll, spanning 26 nations across the world, found that 61% of respondents oppose the use of lethal autonomous weapons systems, with most notably citizens within India and Israel being the only two nations surveyed with more supporters than opposers. Although there seems to be public support to ban such weapons systems, official US policy does not currently prohibit their development or deployment, meaning they are very likely going to play a more prominent role on the battlefield in the very near future. The month of September saw a former employee of Facebook file several complaints with federal agencies within the United States. The complaints in question were relating to how the company had allegedly lied to the public about the effects of the platform on society at large. This coincided with several internal reports being given to the Wall Street Journal, with one detailing the alarming impact the site was having on specifically its teenage female demographic. Fast forward to the start of October, and it seemed the company couldn't shake its streak of owls when former Facebook employee and whistleblower Frances Haugen gave an interview to 60 Minutes, covering what she saw within the company. In the interview, Haugen expressed particular concern with an update to the platform in 2018, which prioritized showing users content that had quote, meaningful user interactions, above all else. On the surface, there's nothing wrong with a social media site prioritizing content that generates more likes and comments, however, Facebook's internal research found that content that was misleading or divisive was benefiting the most from this change. Despite knowing about these adverse consequences, Facebook declined to change the algorithm after learning that doing so would result in people spending less time on the platform, resulting in less money for lizard king Zuckerberg. When an algorithm is only incentivized to maximize retention, it will create something called echo chambers, where people will be fed specific posts tailored to their views and values, as this content is best suited to keep them on the platform for longer. This isn't always a problem, as a person who likes tennis will probably appreciate tennis related content on their feed, but mix this in with a more serious topic such as politics, and you have a whole new kind of shit show on your hands. All of a sudden, a person who liked a post about a civil rights protest, is being fed a post about why drinking milk is racist, and is receiving content that is perfectly tailored to make them outraged and unintentionally more radicalized in their beliefs. A research paper from June 2020, found that the more someone self-identified as having particularly fringe views, the more likely they were to spread debunkable misinformation online. In some cases, this amounted to nearly a third of all posts shared being wholly untrue, and it's likely that the people sharing them were only radicalized in the first place, because the algorithm wanted higher attention. This is very easily identified with the almost unfathomable division, which has generated around supporters of the two major parties in the United States. However, when looking at the situation in context, considering that people are literally fed entirely different versions of world events over the span of years at a time, it's almost impossible to expect people not to be bitter and radicalized when their news feed is being so efficiently filtered and drip fed. Looking at less stable countries, is when things really take a turn for the worst. Ethiopia, which has seen a long and bloody civil war, has been victim to Facebook's same destructive algorithm. In one instance, a post from a media outlet was circulated on the platform, which falsely blamed members of a particular ethnic minority group, for carrying out a series of murders and kidnappings. The very next day, the village sited in the post was ransacked, burnt to the ground, and its inhabitants were murdered. This isn't even an isolated case, with some non-profits accusing the company of undermining democracy within Africa, and famously being used by the Myanmar military to conduct a genocide as recently as 2016. Supposedly there was even an inside joke among Facebook employees, where if you wanted to know which countries were going to be in crisis, you just had to know which nations Facebook had expanded into, two years prior. The day after the 60 minute interview, Facebook went down for approximately 6 hours. According to the company, the issue was caused by a buggy update to the office routers, that sent everything connected to the Facebook servers offline, including WhatsApp, Instagram, and even the security systems, to let employees into the building. Although there's no evidence suggesting that this was related to the interview, commentators have called the uncharacteristic outage, at the very least suspicious. However, just when you thought the story couldn't get any worse for the company, Frances Haugen, testified in front of Congress the very next day, more or less saying the exact same shit she said during her previous interview. Quite incredibly, regulating Facebook appeared to be one of the 6 other things that Democrats and Republicans seem to agree on, with one idea floating around, that would allow citizens to sue the company for any damages caused by the algorithm. With this in mind, our very own Jake the analyst, who wrote the initial coverage for this story, believes this kind of approach would be impractical, as it would be nearly impossible to prove the algorithm had harmed someone without access to the code itself. What's absolutely clear, is that algorithms incentivized to spread fear, hatred, and outright bullshit, should have no place within any free society. Following this seriously rocky month for the brand, Facebook's holding company has decided to rebrand itself, and although we don't know this new name as of time of writing, here's the name up on screen, through the magic of getting Krusty the editor to do my job for me. Speaking of Krusty doing my job, roll the fucking sponsor. If you're trying to remain invisible online, or just trying to watch region-locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN makes protecting your online privacy and watching prohibited Netflix shows easier than getting an A in year 8 drama, and you'll rest easy knowing that your privacy will be infinitely more secure than that box I crushed my teacher's foot with in high school. Sorry Mrs. Wasley, gone are the days of having to buy a $30 DVD from the fucking supermarket, just because you wanted to watch the critically acclaimed robots in the comfort of your own home. Simply change your location to anywhere you like, and appreciate a whole cornucopia of new media to enjoy. Upgrades people. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 83% discount, 3 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN. It's cheaper than the other ones. Meanwhile, Rudy Giuliani cites Facebook as his source of election fraud, a leaked memo from Apple tells employees to stop leaking memos, and Afghanistan faces blackouts after the Taliban don't pay the nation's electricity bill. Today's next story concerns the nation of China, and more specifically, the things it's decided to ban over the last 2 months. So without further introduction, here's WatchMojo's top 5 things the nation has outlawed since the start of September. The first on this list is cryptocurrency, which may not come as much of a surprise. The Chinese government made any and all transactions illegal in late September, as well as any crypto related jobs. The People's Bank of China attributed the ban to cryptocurrencies disrupting the country's controlled economy's financial systems, and for its potential for money laundering. Interestingly, citizens within China had long made up the largest nationality of bitcoin miners up until recently, with many of those who made their fortunes being citizens of the nation. Sensing gradual regulations for the past decade, around three quarters of large crypto operations have already moved overseas, and despite being shut out of its biggest market, bitcoin somehow went up in value, shortly after the ban. Viewers wanting to know the future of the cryptocurrency over the next few months, are free to consult their nearest magic 8 ball for advice, as being able to predict that shit is about as likely as our chances of having Rudy Giuliani appear in one of our news episodes. The second on this list is a ban on effeminate men, something I swear to fuck, we didn't make up. The Chinese government has become concerned with what it describes as unhealthy content in its television programs, and has banged men appearing on screen who fail to encourage masculinity in Chinese society. Perhaps unsurprisingly, this was spurred by the incredibly popular list of singers and actors in neighboring Korea and Japan, who if you've seen their fans online, tend to have the type of dedication in their fan bases that only adored dictators could hope to replicate. Perhaps the strangest part of this entire situation, is that China legitimately has one of the richest and most interesting cultures on the face of the planet, a fact that is being so expertly sabotaged by their government, who seems to think it wouldn't stand up against the competitive marketplace of ideas. It doesn't seem like China will be going for that culture victory anytime soon. This leads us neatly onto the third victim of the fun police, which is strangely the Marvel movie Shang-Chi. In perhaps the most Hollywood way ever, China banned the movie from screening within the country, after a 2017 interview emerged of Canadian actor, Simu Liu, talking about his parents' immigration from China. In the interview, the actor recalled his parents describing China as a third world country, where people were dying of starvation. Perhaps not a flattering statistic, but judging by when Simu Liu's parents grew up, the poverty rate within China was undeniably concerning, although this isn't the real headline from this whole incident. Instead of banning an entire movie due to the comments of a single actor four years ago, it might have just been more productive to point out the nation's unfathomable success in its poverty reduction, but the Chinese government just can't seem to hit those perfectly set up slam dunks without hurting themselves in their own confusion. The fourth ban is likely the one you've already seen elsewhere, this being a ban on video games. The video game ban is specifically for citizens under the age of 18, and only permits gaming between 8-9pm on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays. State-run media have previously labeled video games as spiritual opium, and stated that more than 30% of Chinese children in 2018 were suffering from quote, gaming disorder. Going forward, the ban will be enforced by game providers themselves, a process made possible by all game enthusiasts, being required to link their real ID to their in-game identification. Perhaps most concerningly, multinational conglomerate Tencent has recently rolled out facial recognition technology that can identify underage players based on their time, how long they play, and their behaviors in game, a fucking insane means to justify a fucking insane end. As someone who gets to do what I believe is the best job in the world because of video games, has met countless of my closest friends online, and has an extensive knowledge of 15th century Florence because of Assassin's Creed 2, I'm not going to even pretend to remain unbiased in this story, and excluding literally every other marginal group known to man, gamers truly are the most oppressed minority in China. The fifth and final ban is both the most recent, and most concerning. A proposal unveiled in mid-October, revealed that the Chinese government may be planning to stop all private investment in media, which in simple terms, would mean the government would own and operate, any and all media within the country. It's currently not clear whether foreign news outlets would be included in the ban, but grabbing that same magic 8-ball from before, all signs point to yes. The BBC was already banged from the country in early 2020, after its annoying reporting on the coronavirus, and the meddling journalism into the nation's ongoing ethnic genocide of Muslim weajas, quote, harmed China's national interests. In an earlier story, we mentioned the dangers of echo chambers and their devastating effect on a person's perception of reality, but to have that happen, to nearly 18% of the entire population of the world, from a government with one of the most abhorrent human rights records on earth, would be one of the most destructive and lasting tragedies of our time. As always, a list of our extensive sources is available in the description. Viewers might remember the Panama Papers, a 2016 leak of 11 and a half million documents, relating to the financial information of over 200,000 offshore entities. The leak was from an anonymous whistleblower, who managed to keep his identity hidden, even from journalists who worked on the initial reporting, and cited income inequality as a reason he would potentially put his life in so much danger, to expose some of the world's most powerful individuals. At the start of this month however, the world was presented with an unexpected sequel, now being called the Pandora Papers, which is even bigger than the original, standing at over 11.9 million files, and just short of 3 terabytes of data. The Exposé, which was a collaboration of more than 600 journalists across 117 countries, has implicated more than 300 politicians, and a staggering 35 heads of state, who have money hidden in this secretive network of offshore accounts. This isn't to say that hiding money offshore is automatically illegal, as depending on the stability of some governments, there are reasons citizens might want to keep their money offshore and out of sight, however, it can also be used by those with the means to do so, to hide a lot of taxable income they might not want their government knowing about. Many of us would likely expect that people with significant means would do their best to avoid paying tax on their fortunes, however, some of these individuals have been somewhat unexpected. For example, many members within the Pakistani government, including donors to the Prime Minister's party, and family members to the nation's high-ranking military officials, have been implicated in the investigation, which is especially enlightening, considering the Prime Minister ran on a platform of weeding out corruption. Other notable figures include the family of the President of Kenya, the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, and the King of Jordan. What's perhaps more impressive, is the sheer scale of these offshore accounts, with current estimates ranging between 5.6 to 32 trillion dollars. It's almost impossible to comprehend just how much money 32 trillion dollars truly is, because even when looking at the most expensive things on the face of the planet, nothing even comes close. The International Space Station, often cited as the most expensive man-made object ever built, is a 150 billion dollars, meaning you could buy a fucking fleet of 200 with that amount of cash. This is literally fucking Death Star money. On this series, we sometimes like to compare large amounts of money to how long it could run the US military, and we usually don't make it past a few weeks at the most. However, this collective stockpile of offshore cash could be enough to run the entire US military for the next 45 years. This is enough money to give every single person on Earth $4,000, and still have enough left over to buy the entire nation of New Zealand, and turn it into a Lord of the Rings themed amusement park. The reason any of this is so significant, is that tax havens that are able to hold this much unaccounted money, are often criticized for acting against the greater good, as every dollar laundered into this increasingly complex network of offshore accounts is one less dollar that could be used to improve schools, roads, or anything else that might be in the interest of public good. As much as this proves to be an incredibly eye-opening figure when examining the incredible scale of tax evasion, we expect the only meaningful result from the investigation to be a handful of dead journalists. Something far too late into last month to cover was the Russian election to the lower house of parliament, a process that put 450 seats up for grabs. Of course, when considering the state of Russian politics, calling it an election is generous at best, as we all knew who was going to remain in power long before a single vote was cast, but that didn't make the process any less fun. Unlike a lot of other elections we cover, Russia is particularly unique, as we have the ability to point out insanity for what it is, without being accused of liking one color over another. With this in mind, here were the top 5 parties in the election. Coming in with just over 5% of the vote was the New People party, which was established by the founder of a Russian cosmetics company, and has a focus on entrepreneurs, small business owners, and activists. One of their most radical ideologies is the concept that every citizen should be granted land in order to build a house upon which should be no further than 150 kilometers away from where they currently live. Despite policies that are clearly against the current ruling party, the New People party has historically been supportive of Vladimir Putin, and has even been accused of being a decoy party to dilute the voting power of young or more progressively minded voters. Coming in at 4th place with 7.5% of the vote is the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia, which seeks quote, a revival of Russia as a great power. Apart from a clear desire to make Russia great again, the party has a strong emphasis on both nationalism and law and order, and despite having support for Vladimir Putin, they are also not fucking around. The leader of the party, Vladimir Zirinovsky, has stated that he wishes to see a monarch titled as the supreme leader to be head of the Russian state, and has promised to shoot his political rivals if elected president. We could probably make an entire video on this man alone, but in the interest of time, let's move on. In 3rd place with almost exactly the same number of voters as the previous party is A Just Russia for Truth, a party which advocates for what they call, New Socialism of the 21st century. This party calls for a welfare state with less economic inequality, but has an emphasis on maintaining a market economy. From their list of policies, it seems as if the party mostly just wants a capitalist society with progressive taxation and stronger social safety nets. Unsurprisingly, they're also part of the Vladimir Putin fan club. In the 2nd place position, at just short of 19% of the vote, we have the Communist Party of the Russian Federation. Unlike a few of the previous parties, this one is essentially advocating for Soviet Union too, with a large focus on fostering a sense of Russian pride. Although the party wishes to keep most jobs in the hands of the private sector, it also advocates for nationalizing industries such as natural resources and agriculture, with the ideology that these natural resources collectively belong to the citizens of Russia. Out of all the other parties, this one seems to have the greatest number of proposals, however, they generally seem to see it as the government's job to provide all basic necessities to citizens, ranging from housing, education, and utilities. The Communist Party claims to be backed by pretty high profile public figures, with its current leader, Genadiz Uganov, recently claiming that Jesus Christ was the world's first communist. This party appears to have a large following among members of recent protests, and unlike the other parties, does not appear to support Vladimir Putin. Last but not least we have the reigning champion, as the United Russia Party scooped up just short of 50% of the vote. Despite not being the official head of the party, everyone just accepts Vladimir Putin as its de facto leader, which appears to be the main guiding principle behind the party. United Russia appeals to a wide spectrum of people, including non-ideological voters, anti-communists, conservatives, and people with strong religious values, and has often been described as ideologically inconsistent. It was only in 2009 when the party finally proclaimed Russian conservatism as its official ideology, however, it hilariously states that its unwavering support of President Putin has been the key to its success. No fucking shit. As you might imagine, the party has been accused of widespread ballot stuffing in the recent election, which isn't uncommon for nearly every single election we've covered over the past year, however, when the Economist ranks Russia as having a weaker democracy than Ethiopia and Iraq, you can probably expect some fuckery as afoot. Russia is somehow seen as less democratic than Haiti, which only a few months ago had their president assassinated by mercenaries, contracted by a Florida-based private military company. That's the level of bullshit they're dealing with. Viewers will likely remember Alexei Navalny, a Russian opposition leader we've been covering for over a year. Navalny reached international attention when he was poisoned by the Russian government before going into a coma and ultimately being saved by doctors in Germany. Navalny would make headlines after his recovery by prank calling the hit squad who made an attempt on his life and by acting as a senior Russian official, essentially debrief them about the entire operation to have him assassinated. Mr. Navalny would later return to Russia before being arrested and sentenced to two and a half years in prison for not dying as intended. Since his prison sentence started in February this year, Mr. Navalny has injured severe sleep deprivation, a self-imposed 24-day hunger strike that nearly killed him and most recently has been forced to watch Russian state propaganda for eight hours a day. As of this month, Alexei Navalny has been branded a terrorist by the Russian government, which follows the same classification given to his now disbanded political party earlier this year. Under Russian law, Vladimir Putin can now legally remain Russia's president up until the year 2036, and unless he grows bored of being one of the most powerful and undoubtedly the richest man in the country, we suspect he'll choose to remain in his current position. With another month of news over, it's once again time for some special announcements. Firstly, we'd like to extend a huge thanks to everyone who have been supporting the series on Patreon. With how many people are part of the team as of late, it would be impossible to put in over a hundred man hours a month to produce news or convince Brandon the writer to pour through 1500 pages of boring documents without the help of supporters such as yourselves. We're currently 93% to our next stretch goal, and we're already planning a feedback-driven overhaul of the news starting early next year. For a platform that doesn't recommend this series to newer viewers and severely restricts our monetization capabilities, it means the world that people who support, share, and watch the series allow us to produce news that doesn't have to be censored or influenced by anything outside of which VPN we think you should use. All relevant links to those things are in the description. On top of this, the moderation team for the Scrubhub Discord server is going to be hosting a meme competition for shits and giggles, which viewers can check out in the description below. This is following a successful cancer fundraiser only two months ago, which we can proudly announce raised $1200 for the Australian Cancer Research Foundation. Part of this fundraiser involved the highest donator receiving a short ad slot at the end of a news video. However, when we asked the winner, a member called watching optical, what they wanted, they simply asked for a surprise, and a surprise they shall receive. What they can do that this is a plague that's been with us for quite some time now, and we've made a lot of progress with cancer. And we need, obviously we need a lot more work done to try to get to cures for all of the different forms of cancer. The progress that we've made during my lifetime with cancer is quite remarkable because we've gotten to the point where many of the cancers we can cure or we can delay for significant periods of time, particularly if we get them at an early stage. Some not as easily. Mostly relying on tests, some can be tested, some can't. So raising money for cancer to me is also something I personally appreciate because I myself am a cancer survivor, been 21 years now. That went through the treatments, got the cancer under control and gone and hopefully it won't come back, but you got to be ready just in case. So again, thank you very very much. You must be quite an interesting group. It sounds like you worked very very well together. And maybe it's because as a group you embraced the bullshit. Thank you. On behalf of the entire news team, we can't thank you enough for watching, and we'd like to wish everyone a happy November.