By popular request, the COVID-19 update is going to be as brief as possible. So with this in mind, here are the current confirmed cases and deaths as of the last day of editing. The all-time podium positions have remained unchanged, however, the award for the most famous recipient of the infection this month undoubtedly goes to Joe Biden. We'd like to congratulate him for his achievement. In the first week of July, the British MI5 and the American FBI made a joint statement in London announcing that China was quote, the biggest long-term threat to our economic and national security. According to MI5 head, Ken McCallum, his service had more than doubled its work against Chinese activity over the last three years and is currently aiming to double it again. Meanwhile, FBI director, Christo Farr�, would state that should China attempt to forcibly take Taiwan, it would quote, represent one of the most horrific business disruptions the world has ever seen. A spokesperson for the Chinese Communist Party would later comment on these warnings by stating that British intelligence was trying to quote, hype up the China threat theory and he advised the head of MI5 to quote, cast away imagined demons. This didn't stop the heads of the two security agencies from detailing this threat in more detail. In particular was Chinese technology theft, which was described to be much more serious than even the most experienced business people realize. Chinese technology theft is of course not nearly a new concept. When I was studying business around the same time I started the channel, it was taught that by doing business in China, it was expected that any and all technology a company would sell, manufacture, or share within the country would immediately be copied, as patent laws were almost non-existent. Technology theft within the country was seen as merely the cost of doing business with one of the largest markets in the world, which would need to be considered before expanding into the country. Since then however, it appears as if Chinese technology theft has become much more brazen. For example, the FBI director detailed how people linked to Chinese companies had been caught digging up genetically modified seeds in rural America, which would have cost them billions of dollars and decades of time to develop on their own. The joint statement also raised alarms on election tampering, with the FBI director stating that the Chinese government had recently interfered in a congressional election in New York because a candidate was a protester at the 1989 Tiananmen Square Massacre. Although the candidate in question wasn't mentioned by name, the person was almost certainly Shang Yan, a Chinese American human rights activist, a former major in the US army, and candidate for New York's 10th congressional district. According to the FBI, Chinese officials had hired a private investigator to dig up dirt on Mr. Yan, tried to manufacture controversy by using a sex worker before even staging a car accident in an elaborate smear campaign. Lastly, the joint statement warned that China had been watching the invasion of Ukraine very carefully, and specifically, how sanctions have affected Russia since the war began. China has long aimed for a policy for self-sufficiency, for national security concerns, and by observing the international reaction to Russian sanctions, it could plan a way to insulate itself from the effects of economic sanctions in the event it attempted to invade the nation of Taiwan. The FBI director would tell journalists that if Taiwan was to be invaded, the economic disruption would be much greater than that seen this year, and that all foreign investment within China could essentially become worthless. The joint appearance was rounded off, with Mr. A stating that China would be the highest priority economic and security threat going forward. As most long time viewers would know, we don't tend to cover shootings for a myriad of reasons, but we will make an exception for a political assassination. On the 5th of July, the former prime minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, was assassinated via gunshot wound, while giving a speech at a rally in the city of Nera. Japan quite famously has some of the strictest gun laws in the world, as to own a firearm, a person must attend a gun safety class, pass a written exam, and pass a live fire test, with at least 95% accuracy. The candidate is then required to complete a mental health evaluation, a drug test, and a background check, which may sometimes involve local police interviewing the applicant's friends and family. Even after this process, the person is still only able to own either an air rifle, or a shotgun, with all other classes of firearm being outright forbidden. With this in mind, you might be wondering how in the ever living fuck, someone would ever get shot, let alone assassinated, within the nation of Japan, which as it turns out, is down to some serious resourcefulness by the killer. The 41 year old assassin, first grinded up enough levels to afford the gun nut for perk, before hitting a hardware store to buy supplies. Using plywood, duct tape, metal tubing, a few copper wires, and a bit of gun powder, the assassin was able to create his own makeshift gun, which he then used to kill the former prime minister. Ex prime minister Shinzo Abe, held office from 2012 to 2020, and would come from a long line of Japanese politicians, with his father and great uncle, both previously serving as prime minister. Shinzo Abe himself, was best known for his efforts to increase Japan's aging and shrinking population. This came in the form of tax credits for child care and education, as well as a push to make Japanese society try to have more children. The current prime minister of Japan, and prodigy of Shinzo Abe, Fumio Kishida, called his death, quote, a senseless act of barbarism, and immediately called for a federal investigation of the police in charge of protecting his former mentor. Shinzo Abe leaves behind a legacy of being the most consequential modern leader in Japanese politics, while also being one of the most divisive. On the first of July, in what appears to be something of a trend this month, protesters stormed Libya's parliament building, in the eastern city of Tobruk. The parliament's storming was part of wider demonstrations taking place across the country, stemming from deteriorating living conditions, political deadlock, and extended power outages, which have pushed the citizens of the North African nation to their breaking point. To understand how it got this bad, we first need to look at Libyan law. In 1969, a group of military officers, led by a guy named Mumar Gaddafi, launched a successful coup against King Idris, and took control of the country. Mumar Gaddafi ruled for around 40 years, and many praised his achievements in providing free education and health care to all citizens, significantly raising literacy rates, introducing a gender wage parity, and even becoming the most developed country in Africa, without taking a single dollar in foreign debt. This did however come at a cost, as Gaddafi's extremely authoritarian regime led to mass surveillance of the population, human rights abuses, and he himself was widely considered a sponsor of terrorist attacks, by both the US and UK governments. Commentators will likely be debating on whether he will be considered a good leader within the circumstances of his time and location, as on one hand, he massacred thousands of political prisoners, but on the other hand, he did expel all the Italians. In 2011, a coalition of usually competing opposition factions within the country, assisted in no small part by the United Nations, toppled Gaddafi from power, who was later killed while hiding in a cement drain pipe. The historic spot of his killing would later be dubbed the glory hole by leaders of the revolution. Following the death of Muammar Gaddafi, the ensuing power vacuum led to another civil war from 2014 until a ceasefire in 2020, and although the first presidential election was supposed to be held in December of last year, it was later postponed until June this year, before later being postponed again. One of the reasons is because Libya is in the strange position of having two different governments vying for control over the country. Only last month, the UN hosted failed talks between representatives of Libya's two governments, the Tobruk-based House of Representatives and the High Council of State, based in Tripoli. These negotiations would fall through after disagreements on the legal and constitutional framework of a unified government couldn't be agreed upon by leaders of both parties. Of course, it wouldn't be a stretch to say that the negotiations weren't exactly conducted in good faith, as only a month before, forces loyal to House of Representatives Prime Minister Fathi Bashirghar tried and failed to take Tripoli by force. The showdown between prime ministers resulted in a temporary blockade of Libya's oil facilities, the country's primary source of income, which as you can imagine, only made the lives of average Libyans a little bit harder. Citizens of the country have seen their standard of living slowly decline since the nation was plunged into a civil war, and the storming of the Tobruk parliament was only a symptom of this long and bloody conflict. It is currently unclear when we might see a unified Libya, but if similar conflicts are any indication, this might remain the status quo for a little while longer. Viewers may remember how at the end of last month, the US Supreme Court made a bunch of rulings for a number of cases across the country, most notably concerning a woman's right to an abortion. At the time, we were able to cover most of these cases, but since a few of them were announced after our last month's video went live, we figured we'd talk about them now. The most notable of this second batch of cases was the Environmental Protection Agency vs West Virginia. In a 6-3 decision, the court decided that the EPA didn't possess the authority to broadly regulate greenhouse gas emissions, meaning the agency couldn't compel any energy companies to transition to more sustainable energy sources. The court ruled that the EPA was overstepping its authority granted by the Clear Air Act, however, the decisions would immediately receive harsh criticism from climate scientists within the country. The news came only a few weeks before the United Kingdom experienced its hottest day in recorded history, spurring the London Fire Department's busiest day since World War II. The Secretary General of the United Nations issued a dire warning for climate estimates in the near future. Up next, in the case of the United States vs Zoubedou, the court ruled that the government was not required to disclose the location of where a detainee was tortured prior to being transported to Guantanamo Bay. In a 7-2 decision, it was determined that disclosing the locations of such black sites could pose a threat to national security. Agencies like the CIA are now legally protected from having to provide any such information about these facilities, and can even withhold their existence altogether. Moving on, in the case of Trump v. Thompson, the court ruled that Home Alone to Star and former US President, Donald Trump, could not legally withhold information requested by a congressional committee. The 8-1 decision limited executive privilege after a president has left office, as traditionally, whoever holds the top job is generally granted immunity from potential misdeeds carried out while in office. This ruling could potentially open up avenues for any future and previous president to be prosecuted, however, viewers probably shouldn't expect this to happen anytime soon. The last case was the National Federation of Independent Business vs the Department of Labor. In this ruling, the court decided that the Occupational Safety and Health Administration had violated the constitution when it enacted a mandate requiring all workplaces, which employ over a hundred people, to either have all employees vaccinated or comply with weekly COVID-19 testing. The Supreme Court ultimately ruled that the pandemic didn't justify such broad regulation and was therefore unconstitutional. Join us next month for our next segment of laws you probably didn't know were recently passed. If you're a sophisticated citizen of the world, you probably think that borders are just ambiguous man-made constructs, and although we can't help you move between nations like a bird in the sky, we can do a pretty good job of simulating this freedom in your online activity. Surfshark VPN makes protecting your online privacy and watching prohibited Netflix shows easier than invading the nation of Costa Rica, and you can rest easy knowing that your privacy will be infinitely more secure than any resident of the Central American country. Gone are the days of having to watch 10 different videos from the MovieClips YouTube channel, simply change your location to anywhere you like, and appreciate a whole cornucopia of new media to enjoy. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 83% discount, 3 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN, it's cheaper than the other ones. Meanwhile, BMW charges $18 a month for owners to turn on their heated seats, Arizona teachers no longer need a teaching degree, and a Russian chess robot breaks a kid's finger. In the middle of July, inflation in the United States reached a 40 year high, rising an astounding 9.1% from the same time last year. Let's talk about what this means, and whether you should even give a shit in the first place. Inflation is the general price increase of goods or services over a long period of time, and it's generally a very natural part of a functioning economy. As a country prints more money or loans money into existence, which we won't even attempt to explain, the supply of ad currency becomes more abundant, but the value of each unit is consequentially worthless. Inflation under 2% a year is generally seen as a healthy level, and in a perfect world would be offset by citizens taking pay increases of roughly the same amount, meaning the purchasing power of the average citizen remains the same. However, when inflation rises a whole 9.1% in a single year, this means that, even if you're getting paid exactly the same, the money you earn wouldn't stretch as far as before. For example, food prices in the United States are 10.4% higher than this time last year, new car prices have risen 7.1%, and energy prices are up over 41%. Why inflation is so high is less of a mystery, and as you probably guessed, it's related to the same virus, which has fucked up pretty much everything else for the past two and a half years. When the pandemic hit the United States, the government began sending out stimulus checks to businesses and individuals to keep money flowing through the economy. Over the next few years, the US government would pump a whole 5 trillion dollars into its economy, which would be enough to run the entire US military for nearly six and a half years. Eventually, vaccines were distributed, employment began to rise, and as more people had more money to spend, the demand for homes, furniture, and Fortnite battle passes all went up in turn. The problem however, is that Covid 19, China's extensive lockdowns, and Ukraine getting invaded, all contributed to some pretty rough supply chain issues, and as we all know, when the supply is low, and the demand is high, prices are destined to rise. These supply chain issues, combined with printing two more billion dollars, means that the purchasing power of the average consumer is significantly less, but this is very much not exclusive to the United States. As it stands, a lot of countries aren't quite as fucked, with Australia, Indonesia, and Scandinavian nations, all having inflation rates of around or below 5%. Other nations haven't been so lucky, with Turkey in particular, experiencing inflation of nearly 80%. This is because, upon its insistence to keep interest rates low, the Turkish government tanked the value of its own currency, which was made even worse when the price of imports became more expensive. In general, inflation also tends to affect developing nations more dramatically. This is because, for a person who might be earning a hundred dollars a month, and who has to spend all their earnings to support their family, a 10% increase in inflation, effectively wipes out 10% of their limited income, driving them deeper into poverty. China on the other hand, has barely experienced inflation levels above average, which is believed to be attributed to a combination of far less stimulus activity from the government, lower domestic demand following the nation's zero covid policy, and the obvious reason that the nation measures the indicators of inflation completely differently. Viewers should expect interest rates to continue rising as governments attempt to curb inflation getting any higher, so anyone who might be about to take out a loan can once again blame the state of the world for making the process a little more expensive. Sometimes you just get bad RNG. The world's fourth most famous British motoring journalist, and now former prime minister, Boris Johnson, resigned from his position at the start of this month, following a long string of controversy over his time in office. His election in 2019 saw him first take on the monumental task of finishing Brexit, more than three years after the initial referendum, only to then face the covid 19 pandemic, only a month after leaving the EU. Since then, Johnson has been caught up in more scandals than a shitty soap opera, including defying his own covid 19 restrictions, as well as appointing government officials accused of sexual assault. Johnson's undoing wasn't by a single fatal blow, but it was more accurately categorized as a death by a thousand cuts, and although his charming disheveled appearance tended to distract from his numerous blunders, it seems this unconventional political strategy did indeed have its limits. Faced with a tidal wave of resignations from within his own party, Mr Johnson would finally step down from his position, but announce that he would stay as prime minister until his successor was chosen. Due to how the UK political system operates, there won't be a general election to determine the next prime minister, as opposed to voting for a specific person, the British public votes for political parties, meaning the party in power can simply choose whoever they want for the top job. Who this might be is yet to be determined, but the top two candidates have been named as former chancellor of the exchequer, Rishi Sunak, and former foreign secretary, Lestras. In terms of policy, Rishi Sunak is pretty much business as usual for the conservative party, with the only major difference being that he plans to not make tax cuts until inflation is brought under control. Sunak himself is in an unfortunate position in the party, as those who were supportive of Boris Johnson see Sunak as a prominent figure who championed for his resignation, while those against Johnson's leadership are apprehensive about electing someone who is just going to be more of the same. Lestras, on the other hand, has been seen as someone who might be able to reunite the currently fractured conservative party. Unlike her opponent, Truss argues that lowering taxes would encourage economic development, which would help the struggling UK economy recover from the one-two punch of both Brexit and Covid-19. As foreign secretary, Truss negotiated several trade deals with the European Union in the wake of the Brexit transition, and has most recently been responsible for developing the UK's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Lestras is best known for being the main sponsor of the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, a controversial trade deal which would override how Northern Ireland will be allowed to interact with the rest of the European Union. The winner of the party vote is scheduled to be announced on the 5th of September, who will then serve the remainder of the party's term until the next general election, at the start of 2025. Our next story involves a controversial president with a cult-like following, and a particular incident about the storming of a government building. We are of course talking about the nation of Sri Lanka. On the 9th of July, a large gathering of protesters, unhappy with the economic state of the country, stormed the presidential residence in the capital of Colombo. Despite a heavy police presence, armed with tear gas and several pre-assembled barricades, the protesters zerg-rushed the president's house, successfully making it inside. Facing an overwhelming force, and with the president evacuated, the police figured it would be easier to just let the demonstrators do what they wanted, and as it turns out, they mostly just wanted to look around. Footage of the event would later flood social media, with those in attendance playing the president's piano, lounging on his bed, showering in his bathroom, and even having a pool party in his backyard. Many of the numerous guests in the president's house would even stay overnight, and by the next day, families were even using the gardens as a picturesque picnic spot. It would be unfair to call the storming of the president's house entirely without violence, as at least 33 people were reported injured during the incident, but many of those involved were surprisingly polite. Some placed signs in front of the interior art pieces, telling fellow protesters to not take their anger out on the work of some poor artist, while many even came back the following day to tidy the place up. The prime minister's house would be far less fortunate, getting set on fire that very same night, leading to the arrest of three people for arson. Sri Lanka can be best described as India's Madagascar, a small island country home to just 22 million people that is currently going through a severe economic crisis. Although often compared to the likes of India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh, Sri Lanka actually ranks much higher on the human development index, but this year has proved particularly burdensome for the nation. Inflation has slowly risen to over 50%, the country doesn't have enough fuel to keep its public transport running, schools have closed, and the nation has been subject to lengthy and rolling power outages. The problem for Sri Lanka is actually quite simple, and can even be explained by the world famous crew from the Despicable Me series. Krusty, insert in terms of money, we have no money meme. Although now former president, Gautabaiyarajapaksa, blamed the nation's lack of funds on the COVID-19 pandemic, experts suggest that his poor economic management is to blame for the crisis. A 2009 shift to cut back on foreign trade meant the nation's foreign currency reserves have slowly been depleted, while 2019 tax cuts have since cost the government more than 1.4 billion every year since. The problem was then compounded early last year when the government attempted to ban the import of chemical fertilizer, stating that farmers should instead use products developed domestically. This galaxy brain decision inevitably led to a widespread crop failure, forcing the nation to import even more food, making its foreign currency shortage even worse. At the start of 2019, Sri Lanka had 7.6 billion in foreign currency reserves, which is now down to just 250 million as of this month, enough to run the entire US military for nearly 3 hours. How Sri Lanka digs itself out of this crisis won't be easy, as it will require an economically competent government, a shit ton of financial assistance from outside the country, heightened accountability for those in power, and likely many more years of hardship for regular citizens. In 2016, the World Economic Forum called Sri Lanka the richest economy in South Asia, but it now stands as an example of how quickly the fortunes of an entire country can turn when those in charge so terribly mismanage the economy. When we look at the war in Ukraine, it's often easy to get caught up in tanks, troop movements, and enormous relief packages, but there's also been a lot of smaller stories that have gone largely unreported. Within Russia itself, a proposal by a propute and political party has called for the leader to be referred to as Russia's ruler, as opposed to the president. The nation's nationalist liberal democratic party argues that the term president is a foreign word that has not taken root in Russia. A Kremlin spokesperson would later tell reporters that this proposal is still in the discussion stage, and that Vladimir Putin has given no opinion on the matter. When the title of president is supposed to mean the elected head of a republic, it would be far more accurate to call Putin a ruler anyway, and keeping the title is likely a way of projecting the illusion of choice to the people of Russia. In other news within Russia, according to lawyers and rights activists within the country, rates of conscription avoidance have spiked dramatically since the start of the invasion. Even before the conflict began, military service was mandatory for all men aged between 18 and 27, which required them to register into the military. Around a third of those compulsory registrations would be required to serve their year-long draft, many of whom would be subject to hazing rituals, which still remain as a brutal relic of the Soviet Union. Officially, conscripts are generally prohibited from being deployed abroad, however, there's been ample evidence that conscripted soldiers have both fought and died in the war over Ukraine. For the young men within Russia looking to dodge conscription, there's also a few options available. Being medically unfit is the most common, however, those who are called upon can also apply for alternative civil service, which is a longer stint in public service jobs, such as weapons manufacturing, nursing, cleaning, or working in the postal service. The only problem is that conscripts working in these positions are often perceived as draft dodgers anyway. Another way to get out of service is to preemptively leave Russia entirely, often to countries like neighboring Georgia or Kazakhstan. Lastly, conscripts can turn to the help of specialist lawyers who can help men get out of conscription. Oftentimes when the military registration office needs to go through a lawyer to conscript a person for service, the threat of getting tangled up in legal bullshit can make them more trouble than they're worth, leaving the recruiters to simply enroll some other poor bastard. According to a coalition of lawyers who help young Russians avoid conscription, calls to their hotline are currently 10 times higher than usual since Russia invaded Ukraine. In a tactical sense, it's less favorable to use conscripted soldiers to fight in Ukraine, as they're far less experienced, tend to surrender more willingly, and less likely to believe Russian state propaganda. As the war has continued, foreign fighters have also made headlines for their involvement in the war, which has made the conflict even more complicated. At around the middle of June, a Kremlin spokesperson declared that the Geneva Convention would not apply to a pair of American soldiers who were captured while fighting for Ukraine, and in this situation alone, there's a lot to unpack. For most citizens around the world, fighting within Ukraine is entirely legal, provided that their nation is diplomatically aligned with the country. Secondly, to be protected by the Geneva Convention, soldiers need to be fighting within Ukraine's official foreign legion, meaning soldiers would need to sign up for several years to be eligible. In many cases, foreign fighters have gone through official channels, which has granted them this protection, but many others who haven't been so enthusiastic about signing up for years at a time, have simply crossed into Ukraine and started fighting on their own terms. In the case of the two captured American soldiers, the Kremlin have branded them, soldiers of fortune, meaning they are not protected by the Geneva Convention, but in practice, this is very unlikely. Ukraine's foreign legion only pays as little as 230 US dollars a month, however, a professional mercenary can make up to 200 times this amount in a relatively much safer area of the world, which really makes the soldier of fortune branding sound like a fucking stretch. Ultimately however, Russia has treated the international law as a Geneva suggestion ever since the war began, and with ample evidence of the use of cluster bombs, sexually assaulting citizens, torture, and straight up massacring entire communities, Russia will just brand people however they see fit to justify their actions against them. In most circumstances, we as a team are highly allergic to anything even resembling good news, but for this month however, we are making an exception. In December last year, NASA, in association with other international partners, launched the James Webb telescope, a 10 billion dollar project that took 25 years from concept, to final deployment. After its successful launch, James Webb traveled 30 days and a million miles to its permanent residence, a gravitationally stable place in space, called a lag range point. Once reaching its destination, the telescope then began initial calibrations and diagnostics, which lasted another several months, until it was finally able to get to work. The operational goals of the telescope are made up of four main pillars, these being observing the first lights of the universe, the creation of galaxies in the early days, the birth of stars and protoplanetary systems, and finally, cataloging new planets and the potential origins of life among them. When it comes to observing the first lights of the universe, scientists have come up with a fun exploit, which allows them to data mine files, not usually accessible at this point in the game. How this works, is because light travels relatively slow compared to the enormous size of the universe, by just having a telescope that can see unbelievably far away, we can essentially peer billions of years backward in time. What this means, is that we'll be able to gather information on the first rays of light, that formed after the heat from the big bang dissipated, and allowed particles to combine. This will also allow scientists to study how the first galaxies were formed, and may help us predict how our own galaxy may behave over time. Unlike the previous GOAT of space exploration, the Hubble telescope, James Webb is equipped with new infrared technology, which will allow space agencies to peer into the clouds of gas where stars are born. It's hoped that scientists will be able to use this data to better understand the conditions that give birth to stars in the first place. Finally, the telescope will also attempt to catalog new planets along the way, and by observing the atmospheric conditions on certain planets, we could potentially determine whether these planets could support life. On the 11th of July, US President Joe Biden unveiled the deepest image of our universe ever taken to date. The president would then go on to claim, that he himself witnessed the universe before the big bang, but stated that he would only share this information if his party still held a majority after the midterms. It seems this ancient knowledge will remain a mystery for billions of years to come. In all seriousness, these early images from James Webb represent an amazing privilege we have in the current age. It's hard to not feel a sense of wonder when we are able to peer billions of years into the past, an unfathomable distance away, and realize just how small we are on this tiny rock hurtling through space. We can only hope that if humanity isn't unceremoniously filtered out by something as trivial as nuclear war or climate change, that when it is time to reach out permanently onto other planets, we'll be able to finally leave these meaningless squabbles behind. With the news for July now concluded, it's time for some channel announcements, and we've certainly got some big stuff to reveal. Four months ago, we reached the incredible milestone of 900 Patreon supporters, and as our way of saying thank you to everyone who's been watching us over the years, we decided to let you the viewers, choose any video in the whole wide world for us to make. Nearly 140 suggestions clashed to be the most popular, with a hentai tale list, a fight to the death, and an in-depth cheese review, all fighting for the top spot. In the end however, the most voted suggestion was a real life competition between the members of the news team, and even though we are spread out over four different continents, we weren't about to disappoint. This is why, at this time next month, the news team will be meeting in the great city of Atlanta, Georgia, where we'll be speedrunning as many videos as possible, all for your own amusement. This not only means that you'll be able to put a face to the members of the team, but we'll also be able to try a lot of new things we've never had the luxury to do before. Not only this, but for those who happen to be around the city of Atlanta, on the 3rd of September, we are currently planning to host a fan meetup, so if you wanted to be the first people in the world to hang out and know what we look like, now's the time. The meetup will also be at the same time Dragon Con is in town, so people who are there anyway can feel free to stop by. A dedicated meetup channel with all the information will be in the scrubhub discord server in the description, so we hope to see you there. Because of this trip however, next month's news will be releasing earlier than usual, as half the team will need to be on international flights before the end of the month. Rest assured however, that if there's anything we missed at the end of August, we'll be sure to cover it in our September episode. Lastly, against our best judgement, we also decided to put together a pre-trip podcast, where we break down how we make the news, how we operate as a team, and we answer some of the most commonly asked questions about the series. That video will be up within the next week. At this point, it would also be an excellent time to thank our amazing Patreon supporters for helping us keep this series running for the past two and a half years, and give us the resources to make some seriously ambitious videos that we can legitimately take half a year to plan and make. Viewers who want to support everything we do, can of course find a link in the description, but on behalf of the entire team, we'd like to wish everyone, a happy August, of 2022.