However, quite incredibly, our podium positions have actually changed for the first time this year, as France takes the bronze medal from Brazil with the most confirmed cases. This could of course be attributed to better tracking within France, as Brazil is still run by a guy who famously stated that his government wouldn't be responsible if a Covid vaccine started turning people into crocodiles. More interesting however, is the new and trending monkey pox outbreak, which has currently infected as many people as Smurfs and the editor has on screen right now. Symptoms of the virus include fever, swollen lymph nodes, muscle aches, and general fatigue. These symptoms are then usually followed by lesions forming on the skin. Contrary to popular belief, monkey pox isn't a sexually transmitted disease, but rather, it's transmitted due to contaminated fluids making skin contact with another person. With this in mind, fluid to skin contact tends to happen a lot during any sexual encounter worth remembering, so a person would be forgiven for mistaking it for an STI. An interesting observation early on, is that the virus was also overrepresented in the gay community, which is theorized to be down to a few specific factors. According to the National Library of Medicine, gay men are more likely than normies to have concurrent sexual partners, and this in itself has a strong correlation with monkey pox infection. It's also been theorized that the gay community have a more open culture toward sexual health, meaning gay men might simply be more likely to make a visit to a doctor. In any case, it would be grossly disingenuous to relate monkey pox to any group of people in the first place, as it's entirely based on close contact with other human beings. With this in mind, scientists have stated that wraith mains on apex legends appear to be completely immune. The good news is that monkey pox is already hard counted by the small pox virus, and in nations with access to modern medicine, the virus very rarely proves fatal. Avoiding monkey pox is pretty much the same as covid 19, with hand washing, mask wearing, and vaccine having, all recommended for people wishing to reduce their risk. Although not as deadly, hospitalization rates for monkey pox are still above 10%, so we would of course advise caution for those who may become a close contact. Our next story takes place in a country where a powerful political figure ordered the storming of a government building. I'm of course talking about the nation of Iraq. On the 27th of July, hundreds of Iraqi demonstrators stormed the country's council of representatives, located in the nation's capital of Baghdad. The protesters were supporters of Muqtada al-Sadr, an Iraqi Shia politician, religious figure, and the head of the country's Sadrist movement. A majority of the protesters would eventually back off after al-Sadr told them to quote, pray and go home, but a follow up tweet three days later, calling for his followers to raid the parliament again, would make the demonstrators return for round 2. Iraq has gone without an officially elected government for nearly a year, after political deadlock following the last election, led to the kind of rock throwing and tear gassing type of governance we are seeing today. The last elections actually saw al-Sadr's Sadrist movement receive the highest number of votes of any other party, winning 73 out of 329 seats. However, how Iraq's political system works, is that the president is agreed upon by a two thirds majority, for those voted into power, meaning al-Sadr and his opponents would have to agree on the new leader. The problem is that a huge component of al-Sadr's Sadrist movement, is to strive toward a nationalist and anti-Iran form of government, while his biggest rivals are an alliance of Shia parties backed by Iran itself. After negotiations stalled after the last election, al-Sadr withdrew his block from the negotiating table, which ceded dozens of seats to his opposition. Since then, al-Sadr has vowed to stir up popular unrest if parliament tries to form a government he does not approve, stating it must be free of influence from both the United States and Iran, as well as free of corruption. In fact, the reason demonstrators even stormed the parliament building in the first place, is because they were going to nominate a new prime minister, without the involvement of Muqtada al-Sadr. Admittedly, it's difficult to make heads or tails of the very complicated political landscape within Iraq. The nation has faced its fair share of foreign influence over the last few decades, and it currently ranks as the 23rd most corrupt country in the world, which tends to completely unravel any form of positive change a person tries to make. On the other hand, Iraq's voter turnout is the lowest since the 2003 US invasion, meaning although Muqtada al-Sadr's party gained the most votes overall, it still only represents less than 5% of all qualified voters within the country. Whether a political faction of its size should be able to postpone the formation of an entire government, even under these circumstances, is another question entirely. As an Australian, writing from the initial research of a Russian American, on the complex nature of Iraq's political stalemate, in my professional opinion, I have no fucking idea. You could say that the country is between Iraq and a hard place. While we were busy putting the final touches on our last month's news entry, the United States government was busy assassinating Ayman al-Zawahiri, the leader of Al-Qaeda and successor of Osama bin Laden. The CIA drone strike assassination occurred on the 31st of July, at 6 AM in the morning, on the outskirts of Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan. The most surprising part of the assassination wasn't the involvement of the CIA, or the fact that al-Zawahiri was supposedly meeting with a top Taliban official, but that the weapon used is incredibly unique. While US drone strikes aren't uncommon, this instance saw US forces use the Hellfire R9X missile, which is a low collateral version of the regular Hellfire missile, which uses sharp blades instead of explosives to kill its target. Little is actually known about the R9X, as although it was first deployed in secret in 2017, it wasn't officially revealed to the public until quite recently. What makes the R9X unique, is that before impact, six blades pop out from the body, which is designed to deal fatal damage to its intended target, while leaving all other bystanders unharmed. Others speculate that the blades spin when close to the target for maximum effect, however, the US government were not enthusiastic about sharing their military secrets when we asked them directly. The weapon has been used less than a dozen times since its deployment in 2017, and this comes down to a variety of reasons. Firstly, using the weapon at all requires a metric shit ton of intelligence. Conventional drone strikes are able to target a specific vehicle, but the Hellfire R9X can hone in on a specific seat and be accurate enough to leave other members of the vehicle unharmed. Secondly, as the warhead isn't equipped with an explosive, it tends to be hard-countered by a concrete roof. Thirdly, although the missile is extremely accurate, there is no room for error when the trigger is pulled, as even being off by a single meter could leave the target without a scratch. Obviously these can also be seen as advantages, as according to the Bureau of Investigative Journalism, around 9% of drone strike casualties in Afghanistan have been civilians. When Al-Zawahiri was killed, not only was his family entirely uninjured, but the only bit of collateral damage was to a balcony and a nearby shattered window. As the US pulls out of Afghanistan and shifts to a more remote form of warfare, it's likely that the R9X will become more commonplace in the US drone strike arsenal, with its impressive track record for avoiding civilian casualties. In another international incident this month, it was reported that US citizen and two-time basketball Olympic gold medalist, Brittany Greiner, has been sentenced to nine years in a Russian penal colony. Mrs. Greiner was officially charged with international drug smuggling, but in more simple terms, she was caught with less than a gram of hash oil that was prescribed by her doctor. Brittany Greiner rose to prominence as a 6 foot 9 force of nature within women's basketball, and after initially making around 60,000 a year, she decided to play internationally for a taste of the good life. By playing overseas in her off-season, she could make as much as 600,000 within China, and up to a million within Russia, which according to our very own Jake the analyst, is a lot more than $60,000 a year. However, on the 17th of February this year, only a week before Russia launched its invasion into Ukraine, Brittany Greiner was caught at a customs checkpoint, taken to a holding cell, before being told she was guilty of international drug smuggling. It's important to note that prosecutors within Russia have a 99% conviction rate, which means in practice, to be accused of a crime is to be convicted of a crime. This is the same country that in 2017 overwhelmingly voted to effectively decriminalize domestic violence, so the nation isn't exactly known to be the gold standard of justice. The Biden administration, obviously not thrilled at having a two-time Olympic gold medalist, sentenced to 9 years in prison, subsequently offered a trade for her freedom, and to call it generous would be a fucking understatement. In exchange for a woman who was caught with less than a gram of medically prescribed hash oil, the US government would offer another than Viktor Bout, a Russian international arms dealer, responsible for indirectly killing potentially hundreds of thousands of people throughout Africa in the early to mid 90s. Viktor Bout was famously portrayed by Nicolas Cage in the film Lord of War, which if we are only reporting objective truth, is Nicolas Cage's best film. In an absolutely insane turn of events, Russia would refuse the offer after the Biden administration would not agree to throw an unnamed assassin into the deal. Many have quite reasonably come to the conclusion that Britney Griner has become a political pawn in a game she never wanted to play, and it seems as if her wife will have to hope that the US government can find enough merchants of death to trade before conditions within her penal colony deteriorate. In other news, fans of Nicolas Cage might be interested in today's sponsor. Much like a spare t-shirt or an extra phone charger, a VPN is always there for the clutch times when you really need it, and Surfshark especially is like your online guardian angel. Today actually marks the 30th video Surfshark has sponsored on the channel, and much like they've helped us create a long running news series, they can help you protect your online privacy and get around those pesky region locks. As you probably already know, Netflix libraries can actually vary quite wildly, country to country, which would usually restrict your access to new content. With Surfshark however, you can just set your location to wherever you'd like, and immediately get access to thousands of new shows and movies. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 83% discount, 3 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN, it's cheaper than the other ones. Meanwhile, a 90 million dollar bad girl film is cancelled for being too bad, a chatbot created by Meta calls Mark Zuckerberg creepy and manipulative, and a Michigan town votes to defund a library for having books with gay themes. Late July and early August saw both the CHIPS acts and the inflation reduction act make its way through the US congress, and although both are admittedly very America centric, the United States tends to have a lot of sway over where future matters will trend. Starting with the CHIPS act, the new bill allocates 280 billion for high tech manufacturing and research, including 52 billion for companies producing computer chips, specifically, semiconductors. After COVID 19 shook the entire fabric of reality, Uncle Sam realized how sensitive supply chains could become in times of crisis, and with semiconductors being used in all industries, from construction and agriculture, to healthcare and finance, the importance of having a steady supply on hand became even more apparent. Of course, the best way to make Uncle Sam do anything is to make it a national security concern, and as any military historian will point out, wars are won and lost with logistics. As it currently stands, the United States currently makes up 10% of the world's supply of semiconductors, which is a decent amount, but still far behind China's 24%, South Korea's 19%, and Taiwan's 21%. As you might have guessed, semiconductors are a critical component of most modern weapons system, and with the FBI only last month calling China their biggest security threat, you can see where this is going. This would also mean that in the event China were to yoink Taiwan, it would then own 45% of the world's supply of semiconductors, which is likely one of the biggest reasons as to why the United States is so invested in the nation's independence, but more on that a little later. The second bill was the Inflation Reduction Act, or the IRA, if you're feeling rebellious. The Inflation Reduction Act is pretty much just a climate reduction bill in disguise, as at least in the short term, it'll do absolutely fuck all to reduce inflation. It is however the first piece of significant climate legislation to be passed within the country. The bill allocates 370 billion to be invested in cutting US emissions by 40% by 2030, dumps a metric shit ton of money into green investment, and kickstarts a transition toward more renewable energy alternatives. Another part of the bill was to offer cash incentives for consumers to buy new or used electric cars, which are often only available to higher income households. Wind and solar energy providers are also getting 10 years of tax credits, while fossil fuel operations will be penalized if any methane leaks are detected. In many parts of the world, wind and solar infrastructure is the cheapest source of new energy, even when battery costs are taken into account. Although nuclear is also exceptionally clean, the much longer billed times are not nearly as attractive when looking at a 2050 net-zero goal, while their public perception and extreme cost can also make them much harder to sell to the general public. In terms of timing, the bill hits Congress in a favorable political landscape. Climate support is at an all-time high, and with elevated fuel prices, anything that can reduce or eliminate the need for fossil fuels is going to be popular. It's estimated that the bill will reduce the cost of living by as much as $220 a household per year over the next decade. Of course, not everyone is happy with the bill. The vote was entirely down party lines to begin with, and a lot of clean energy advocates argue that the bill doesn't go far enough and still gives a huge amount of money to fossil fuel companies anyway. In the end however, although the bill is still filled to the brim with tons of shit completely unrelated to the title that we haven't even mentioned, it still serves as a good first step from the world's biggest imitator to combat climate change. Even if this doesn't entirely fix the problem, in a very rare case for this series, we can actually report a pretty significant win. In keeping with the fortunate trend to address climate change, it seems the nation of Australia has also started taking things more seriously. This month, the lower house of parliament passed a bill committing to reduce carbon emissions by 43% from 2005 levels by the year 2030, and to reach net zero emissions by 2050. Although a relatively small nation of around 25 million people, this new shift is a very significant win for climate action around the globe, as the country is the third largest fossil fuel exporter and is one of the highest emitters per capita. Although suffering a bushfire as big as the entire nation of Greece only a few years ago, Australia has remained strangely hesitant to enact any meaningful climate policies. In the last UN climate summit, then prime minister Scott Morrison showed up entirely empty handed, and as recent as last year, one state even tried to tax electric vehicles for every kilometer driven. Since then however, the political climate has changed within the country, as Australia's recently elected prime minister seems much more concerned with making up lost ground when it comes to reducing emissions. With this in mind, kangaroo land still falls short of pledges made by the United States and Europe, who intend to halve emissions by 2030. The news also coincides with a government report announcing that the nation's Great Barrier Reef, the world's largest coral reef system, has seen a recent resurgence, with some portions now seeing the highest levels of reef cover in 36 years. This isn't to say that one of the seven natural wonders of the world is safe quite yet, as not only is it half the size it once was, but experts believe that the combined threat of climate change, pollution, starfish outbreaks, and overfishing could be devastating if not kept in check. According to last year's climate estimates, the world is going to be hitting the all important 1.5 degree warmer threshold within the next decade, which is when we start to see serious consequences for our actions. At this point, coral bleaching occurs too quickly for the reef to recover as fast as it does at current, and this only becomes worse if the average temperature never drops low enough for these ecosystems to recover. It's currently feared that if the global average temperature cannot be kept under 2 degrees from pre-industrial levels, it could start melting arctic ice, which is currently trapping methane from entering the atmosphere. This could then trigger a vicious feedback loop, where the more methane is released, the hotter it becomes, which would in turn release even more methane into the atmosphere. In many ways, climate change is like a game of Monopoly, where the earlier we start investing in policies to reduce emissions, the easier it will be in the endgame. However, by choosing not to make these investments, climate change can start building up hotels and collecting all the train stations, and we'll have to spend exponentially more than if we had just acted sooner. As it currently stands, the governments of the world can literally take as much money as they want when climate change isn't looking, so there's nothing currently stopping us from stacking Mayfair with houses, so we can finally move on to a better fucking game. YOU CAN'T FUCKING CRAP! Hall of Fame Wall Street investor and speaker of the US House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, made headlines this month when she became the highest ranked US official to visit Taiwan in 25 years. Mrs. Pelosi unexpectedly made the trip into the country after visiting a handful of other nations in the region, which was part of a round trip to discuss trade, COVID-19, climate change, security, and quote, democratic governance. As you might imagine, the Chinese government lost their collective shit at the news, and began launching simulated attacks on the island, with the use of aircraft, naval vessels, missile launchers, along with other general shows of force. Although this could be compared to a child aggressively swinging around nunchucks after it was his brother's turn on the Xbox, this is all part of the geopolitical dance when it comes to Taiwan. The United Nations only formally recognized Taiwan as a country from 1949 to 1979. Near the end of this period in 1971, the United States recognized Beijing as the reigning authority for mainland China, and as the country began opening up trade to the world, by the end of the same decade, more nations began jumping onto the Beijing bandwagon. For decades, China and Taiwan have suffered a volatile coexistence, as neither is willing to compromise on the status of independence and ruling authority between the two countries. China believes that the region is merely a broken away piece of land that will eventually come under its control. Taiwan on the other hand, has grown very happy in its independence, and is currently one of the most successful and thriving democracies in the world. In fact, as of the most recent analysis by The Economist, Taiwan is the 8th most democratic country in the world, putting it above Australia, Canada, Germany, and the United States. In fact, if you take out all the Nordic countries, Taiwan is the second most democratic nation on earth, coming only 0.1% behind Ireland for the top spot. China on the other hand, ranks lower than some dictatorships, which might be why many people within Taiwan aren't as enthusiastic about the prospect of becoming reintegrated. Nevertheless, China has a reputation of harshly sanctioning any nation who formally recognized Taiwan as a country. This is why, although almost all nations around the world formally recognize the region as part of China, they are still happy to give Taiwan a wink when no one is looking. After Russia's invasion of Ukraine, China has been watching very carefully on how the rest of the world has responded, as by observing this situation, it can make a measured cost-benefit analysis on whether a military takeover of Taiwan is worth the effort. Although Russia has essentially been sent back to the shadow realm in terms of its economy, China stands to be a much more threatening force on the world stage, and if it figures out how to insulate itself from sanctions, an attack on Taiwan could be likely. The United States has exercised a policy of strategic ambiguity whenever it's asked about a potential defense of Taiwan, meaning it has never either confirmed or denied direct involvement in the event of an invasion. However, this month's show of force by China has certainly put many nations with inertia on edge, as they're forced to hedge their bets between two exceptionally well-equipped superpowers. In more absurd news, patriotic truth teller, defender of freedom, and most prominent frog advocate, Alex Jones, faced a defamation lawsuit this month, and much like his own brand of entertainment, it was an absolute shitshow. The lawsuit was filed by the parents of Jesse Lewis, a child who lost his life in the infamous school shooting at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in 2012. The defamation case comes from Mr. Jones' theory that the shooting was a quote, false flag operation, insisting that the parents, perpetrators, and even the children were crisis actors. This would ultimately spur fans of Mr. Jones to darks and harass parents of the children who were murdered. In a custody battle with his own children, Mr. Jones' defense attorney would reveal that the vast majority of information he would proclaim on his show was patently false, calling it quote, a performance act. The defamation trial itself wasn't without its own brand of performance art, as Jones himself would skip the first day of the trial to host his show. He would then go on to call the plaintiff slow, the opposing lawyer, a goblin, and the judge presiding over the case, demonically possessed. Mr. Jones would go on to ramble about the new world order, but as no one on the swag news team were stupid enough to understand him, we decided to just keep writing about the trial. In what can only be described as a galaxy brain play, Jones' lawyer somehow shared his defendant's entire phone record, dating back to 2018, to the opposing legal team, and did not move to have the documents withheld until they were used as evidence in court. In an attempt to save this dumpster fire of illegal defense, Mr. Jones would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. In the United States, filing for bankruptcy immediately stores all civil lawsuits, which is designed to shield small businesses from potential ruin, due to things like eviction notices or foreclosure. Additionally, the defense claimed that any payment over $4 million would throw them into financial ruin, as it was stated that Mr. Jones and his enterprises owed over $50 million to a private investment firm known as PQPR Holdings. What they failed to mention is that the investment firm was owned by Alex Jones' mother and father. As such, the judge presiding over this particular case ruled to continue the trial. Although the pro-gamer move of filing for bankruptcy managed to stave off two additional defamation trials, this almost certainly won't be the last time Mr. Jones is sued for his special brand of entertainment. Until then, we wish Alex Jones all the best to his defense, as he upholds the freedom to make up whatever bullshit you want, and call it news. People who watch this series often have likely noticed that we don't usually talk about Donald Trump, despite his almost superhuman ability to consistently make headlines around the globe. With this in mind, we usually skip over most of his related stories, in favor of other events that have more of a lasting impact. This month however, Mr. Trump saw his Florida estate raided by the FBI, which isn't exactly an insignificant event. The raid occurred after Mr. Trump was issued a subpoena in June, which related to classified documents that may have been taken upon his exit from the Oval Office. After failing to comply with the court-ordered subpoena for three months, his estate was subsequently raided by more than a dozen agents, who were looking for eleven sets of documents marked as classified. It should be noted that although this is a pretty big deal in and of itself, it certainly isn't the first time a president or former president has received a subpoena. Thomas Jefferson was subpoenaed in 1807 for documents related to his vice president, Aaron Burr, who was on trial for treason. Richard Nixon was also subpoenaed, and was ordered to submit the tapes of the recordings he took of Democratic officials. Lastly was Bill Clinton, who was ordered to testify in court, after he absolutely had sexual relations with that woman. I did not have sexual relations with that woman. In terms of the search on Mr. Trump's estate, the FBI had to clear a pretty high bar for being able to conduct the raid in the first place, as they needed to convince a judge that they had sufficient evidence to believe that the documents were on the specific premises. Not only this, but the Justice Department also has a policy of not acting on sensitive matters that could be seen to interfere with the national election cycle, and as it's long rumored that Mr. Trump could be running for re-election in 2024, the timing was seen to be a critical factor. In general, it's not usually a violation of the law for a former president to take certain presidential records after their departure from the White House, and in most cases, former presidents are still given intelligence briefings, even when returning to civilian life. In this instance however, the documents pertain to matters of national security, falling under legal code 793, and without getting too boring, this basically means that the information is deemed too important to be taken home. In a strange twist of fate, Trump himself famously signed a bill into law in 2018, which limited the scope of classified documents that a president is allowed to take home from the office, and harshened the punishment for violating this law. Mr. Trump had also appointed the current director of the FBI, Christopher A, as well as the judge, who authorized the search warrant in the first place. As of time of writing, we don't currently know what kind of documents the agents could have been searching for, as the FBI state that revealing any specific information at this time is not in the best interest of either the case or the general public. What we do know however, is at least one of these documents has been set at the nation's highest classification level, meaning they weren't about to fuck around in getting it back. What this means for Mr. Trump is difficult to say. If Mr. Trump is found to have willfully attempted to conceal, remove, or destroy any such documents, he could be looking at a hefty fine, or up to three years in prison. More significantly however, he would also be disqualified for holding any office under the United States, meaning his rumored re-election campaign could be firmly dead in the water. Harsh critics of Mr. Trump have theorized that this former president of the United States intended to commit treason against his own country by conspiring with the enemies of America. On the other hand, adamant supporters of the former president have accused the operation as being a politically motivated stunt, designed to smear his chances at a re-election. What's most likely however, is that Mr. Trump, as he claims, simply thought he had the all clear to take the documents home, which prompted the FBI to do whatever it took to conceal the highly sensitive information. Whatever the case, we are currently only able to work with the information available to the public, so short of breaking headlines released 10 minutes before this video goes live, this is what we know so far. With this early news concluded, it's time to once again, go through some of our latest announcements. Firstly, if you consider yourself a meme connoisseur, then the scrubhub discord server is currently compiling memes specific to the channel, and news team, to be used in an upcoming project. If you want your meme featured in an upcoming video, a link to the discord will be in the description. Secondly, as you may already know, the reason for an earlier episode this month, is because the team will be meeting up in the great city of Atlanta Georgia in a few days, where we'll be filming an absolute shit ton of videos for your own amusement. With this in mind, people who happen to be in Atlanta on the 3rd of September, will have the opportunity to meet us in person at Olympic Centennial Park. If you live in Atlanta, or happen to be in the city for Dragon Con at the time, feel free to come by and meet the team. As one more special project for a bit of fun, the scrubhub discord server also has a channel, where people can post what they think I look like, before the immersion is finally broken. If you have artistic talent, and want to be featured in an upcoming video, then once again, the link to the discord server will be down below. We'd of course like to thank every single Patreon supporter for helping us make these videos every month, and with your help, we hope to keep doing so for long into the future. On behalf of the entire news team, I'd like to wish everyone, a happy September of 2022.