Long time viewers will know that we always start with a COVID-19 update, so here are the current stats as of the last day of editing. Nations experiencing significant spikes include Indonesia, Bangladesh, and Iran, while in freedom land, studies have suggested that up to 83% of active cases are caused by the new and improved delta variant of the virus. Despite being more infectious than vanilla COVID, the delta variant doesn't seem to be more resistant to the vaccines currently in distribution. Along with the pandemic, we also thought it would be fun to include the Olympics, however, as the events start after our cut-off date for new stories, we're just going to show the current medal tally as of the last day of editing, as well as the number of athletes who have inevitably contracted COVID. Judging purely by previous statistics, both categories should be dominated by Americans, however, in Kanga Rooland, there's an old saying, it's all about the per capita symmetric bro. Protests in Cuba took place this month, stemming from the deteriorating quality of life for citizens of the nation. A combination of price hikes, a shortage of food and medical supplies, the poor economy, and the government's handling of COVID-19 were all factors in the rise of the protest movement. The small country, which is apparently now just swimming distance from Florida, had been mostly spared from the outbreak up until recently, but is now breaking its own records for daily cases and fatalities. The pandemic has also crippled the nation's all-important tourism industry, and government mandated wage increases, designed to improve conditions, have unfortunately led to a huge spike in the price of necessary goods. It's been said that social media platforms spread the protest movement quickly across the country, which led to the state-run internet company initiating a blackout to stop the flow of information. Although unauthorized public gatherings are illegal in Cuba, this didn't stop thousands of people taking to the streets, who were then met with a strong police presence, who retaliated with tear gas and arrests. President Miguel Diaz-Canel, who has been branded a dictator by many of the protesters, called upon his supporters to physically confront demonstrators, and has alleged that this movement had been financed and instigated by the United States. We at the SWAG News team couldn't find any truth behind this claim, as it could just be the general terrible quality of life that caused the protests, but considering that the CIA attempted to kill the former Cuban president over 600 times, it's certainly within the realm of possibility. In fact, since the Cuban government didn't pick the side of Uncle Sam in the Cold War, it's been under crippling economic sanctions from the United States, which critics argue is making it harder for citizens, who already have to live under one of the most authoritarian governments in the world. US-Cuba relations are the lowest they've been in decades, as although tensions briefly eased under Obama, the Trump administration added the country back to their short list of nations who sponsor terrorism, which came with a fun array of economic sanctions. The reasoning behind this designation mostly stemmed from Cuba's recognition of Venezuela's president, Uncle Roscoe, as the legitimate leader of the country, despite clearly losing the nation's 2019 elections, but that's a story for another time. The current US president and dinosaur racing champion, Joe Biden, has expressed sympathy for the Cuban population, but as of time of writing, has not committed to lifting any of these restrictions. US sanctions, a global outbreak, a questionable centralized economy, and a shortage of goods, is the perfect storm for civil unrest, however, only time will tell whether such a movement will prompt a positive change for the average citizen of Cuba. Our next piece is about as fucked up as they come, and a story that has been developing for the past few months. In May of this year, the remains of 215 Native American school children were discovered in unmarked graves, underneath the Canadian Kamaloops Indian Residential School, an institution built for the purpose of re-educating native children. Over the following months, over 1100 more bodies of such children would be found in similar facilities across the country, with some of those buried being as young as 3 years old. These boarding schools were designed to teach native children European values, such as the English and French language, and Roman Catholic beliefs, and students were often harshly reprimanded for speaking their native tongue or stepping out of line. Experts and historians estimate that over 150,000 native children were forced into these boarding schools, from when they were first introduced in 1874, to when they finally ceased to operate as recently as 1996. A US based investigation was quickly launched into these findings, while Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, stated that he was both horrified and ashamed. Sexual and physical abuse was also reported to be rampant within these facilities. It's estimated that following the arrival of Christopher Columbus in 1492, 90% of the North American indigenous population was wiped out. As you degenerates watching love seeing wild shit, we couldn't in good faith look past the nation of South Africa. Protests over the arrest of former president, Jacob Zuma, for failing to show up at his own corruption commission, quickly spiraled out of control, and led to riots and looting in the Hauteng and KwaZulu-Natal regions of the country. Of course, the arrest of the former president was only the spark among a whole mountain of volatile conditions, including the usual Covid related challenges, mixed with a 32% unemployment rate, extremely high government corruption, and the fact that South Africa is literally the most unequal nation in the world. The scale of the looting is hard to even properly comprehend, as hundreds of shopping complexes were unsacked, entire warehouses were plundered and set ablaze, and we even received reports of a prison escape, which we admittedly found difficult to verify. It appears as if nowhere was off limits for the frenzy, as anywhere from radio stations, ATMs, and even blood banks were becoming a target of raiding. We spoke to a citizen within South Africa who gave his take on the situation while he heard the sound of gunshots and military helicopters from out his window. People hijacked the opportunity to start looting, many looters don't even support Jacob. It's become a hysteria of mass looting and doing what you want, hidden by a still unjustified cause of supporting a genuine criminal. Shortly after riots broke out, pockets of citizens equipped with firearms, many from the country's white minority, started blocking off streets in an attempt to stop further plundering. According to our source, although brandishing firearms is illegal in South Africa, many of the already overwhelmed police officers were willing to turn a blind eye, however, footage of citizens killing each other in the streets, doesn't tend to reflect well on anyone involved. After around a week of escalated unrest, the South African military moved to reinforce the areas most affected, with 25,000 soldiers, but not before 70 people had been killed and over a thousand had been arrested. The riots are predicted to amplify the hardships already felt across the nation, with the unrest putting over a hundred thousand jobs at risk, causing an estimated billion dollars in damage and exacerbating shortages of food, fuel, and covid vaccines. Moving on, old Captain America announced that the US withdrawal from Afghanistan will likely be completed by 31 August, ending a 20 year war and the longest military campaign in US history. Foreign policy experts have generally disagreed on whether or not this will be an appositive for the world, as although the conflict has cost an estimated 124,000 lives and 2 trillion in US taxpayer money, the Afghan government is nowhere near at the strength to rival the US presence, or even the Taliban forces currently within the country. Members of the Taliban have been surprised with how quickly they've been able to take back territory, so much so that they've throttled their own progress to not come into conflict with US forces on their way out. The terrorist group controls around a third of the country as of time of writing and has doubled its gains from just two months ago, and although the United States have provided military assets and training for Afghan forces, Pentagon officials believe that there is a moderate chance that the Taliban are able to take complete control of the country within the next two years. The Taliban have been known to restrict almost all forms of art and entertainment, prohibit nearly all forms of recreation, and severely restrict rights to education, bodily autonomy, or western ideals. The US government has proposed allowing the Iranian government to lead the security and rebuild effort for Afghanistan, as not only is it a more geographically and culturally similar nation, but it would likely go a long way to make up for the US assassination of an Iranian general at the start of 2020. In a surprise to everyone, US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen announced that 130 countries around the globe have agreed to a proposal of a global minimum corporate tax. While a specific number has not yet been agreed upon, US Civil War hero and US President Joe Biden is seeking a rate of 15%. In theory, this would mean that both large countries and particularly wealthy individuals will no longer be able to offshore their money into a tax haven, such as Luxembourg or the Cayman Islands. Tax havens are countries that have a much lower tax rate than what most nations expect, which makes it attractive for corporations to dodge the taxes of their host nation in favor of the much lower tax rate of these offshore locations. With these new proposals, countries would still be able to keep their tax rates as low as they see fit, however, host countries would be entitled to tax whatever remaining percentage would add up to that 15% threshold. This would make it much more difficult and generally less attractive for these entities to attempt to avoid taxes using these loopholes. In the United States alone, it's estimated that tax avoidance cost the government an estimated $1 trillion a year, enough to power the entire US military for 15 months. Negotiations on how to implement such a tax are still ongoing. Viewers who have a stake in evading US authorities might be interested in today's sponsor. If you're trying to remain invisible online or just trying to watch region-locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN makes protecting your online privacy and watching prohibited Netflix shows as easy as Minecraft Redstone experts getting a masters in engineering, and you can rest easy knowing that your privacy is more secure than the money stash of a Colombian drug lord. Gone are the days of having to permanently turn to a life of crime just because you wanted to watch a Netflix series that isn't available in your country. Simply change your location to anywhere you like and appreciate a whole cornucopia of new media to enjoy. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 83% discount, 3 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN. It's cheaper than the other ones. Meanwhile, drug dealers advertise ethically sourced cocaine, a historic power plant finds it more profitable to mine bitcoin than to sell electricity, and 86 people are arrested in London over football-related incidents. It's no secret that we tend to cover a lot of dark and uneasy topics, however, this story might just be the most terrifying. The whole thing revolves around the Israeli cyber arms firm, NSO Group, which can be described with the question, what if the NSA was privatized? Mercenaries and soldiers of fortune have always had a place in history, however a privatized cyber spy company, which doesn't answer to any government, is as terrifying as it sounds. In a mammoth collaboration between 17 media houses, collaborating a list of over 50,000 names leaked by clients of NSO, over the past 5 years, the sluice team of over 50 journalists have pieced together some truly scary findings. The software developed by NSO is called Pegasus, and is a spyware tool, able to target iOS or Android phones. Without the user even knowing, or having to be tricked into clicking a malicious link, the software can gather every piece of information a phone might be holding. This includes any messages sent or received, any and all passwords, a person's search history, anything you ever type, your entire list of contacts, as well as any and all real time information from your camera, microphone, and GPS. A target of such software literally couldn't sneeze without the user of Pegasus knowing. The clients of the Pegasus software are government entities, and although NSO claims that the software is designed to counter terrorism and other violent criminal behavior, this is an industry that currently operates with very little regulation. Some of the countries that are clients of NSO are also corrupt as fuck, with nations like the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and Rwanda all happy to pay hundreds of millions for the privilege. We've all seen cheesy action movies that revolve around a new device that needs to be destroyed to keep it out of the wrong hands, but in reality, that kind of shit is literally just being sold to whoever has a few hundred million lying around, and there are countless examples of the software being abused. Journalist and dissident author, Jamal Khashoggi, was assassinated in 2018 by Saudi Arabian agents, and traces of the Pegasus spyware was later found on his wife's phone. Rahul Gandhi, a leading Indian politician and main rival to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, was targeted by the software on two separate cell phones. In 2019, a teenage Azerbaijani woman and civil society activist by the name of Fatima Movlamli had intimate photos leaked, with evidence pointing towards Pegasus. In 2018, Saudi citizen, Lujain Al-Haflaou, was tracked, kidnapped, and tortured for daring to think that women should be allowed to drive, another target of the Pegasus software. In 2017, Mexican anti-corruption journalist Cecilia Penita-Berto was added to the list of Pegasus targets only weeks before his assassination, with members of Mexican drug cartels confirmed to be in possession of the software. It goes beyond the standard data harvesting that the likes of Google and Facebook have become known for, who are aggressively collecting your information and selling it to companies to more accurately target you for commercial purposes. What we are seeing now is the privatization of spyware and a world where, as long as a person has enough money, they can monitor and track every single piece of information about anyone on Earth, without any oversight or ability for the victim to know they are even being spied on. If they are allowed to go unchecked, criminals will be able to blackmail any judge, jury member, or local official in the world, corporations with enough money can know exactly what their competitors have planned, and the entire world will see a stagnation of democracy, as authoritarian governments will be able to perfectly track the actions of anyone who even slightly criticizes their regime. From all the stories I've covered since first starting this series, this one scares me the most. On July 7th, at around 1am in the morning, a group of armed men stormed the residence of Haitian President Jovenel Mois and shot him 12 times. Fortunately, the news team, with the help of advanced personality replication algorithms, a complete disregard for copyright infringements, and a bunch of bullshit we just made up, were able to piece together exactly what went through his head in his final moments. That's me. You might be wondering how I ended up in this situation. There I was, at the peak of my career, the president of an entire Caribbean nation. Some people think I might have become more authoritarian over my five years in office, and maybe I was about to alter the country's constitution to stay in power a little longer. That doesn't matter now. The only thing I know for sure is that the story leading up to my brutal assassination is as wacky as you might imagine, because for a guy like me who even knows who could be on the other end of this gun, we'll just have to wait and see where this adventure goes. In all seriousness, the circumstances leading up to the assassination are fucking wild. The hit squad was made up of around 28 foreign mercenaries, mostly from Colombia, but funded through a Florida-based firm, World Wide Investment Development Group. The head of the company then met with a Haitian-American man named Christian Emmanuel Sanon, a self-described pastor and physician, whose objective was to supposedly turn Haiti into a utopian paradise, and saw himself as the future leader of the country. The company subsequently agreed to fund the envisioned Haitian Revolution, and gave a sizable loan to Mr. Sanon, figuring that he'll probably have plenty of money acting as the head of state. Our ambitious revolutionary then employs the help of the Miami-based security company, CTU Security, who helps with the hiring and transportation of the team of Colombian mercenaries to the Dominican Republic, then finally to the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince. They would then hold up in a high-end hotel east of the city, while a former employee of the government hired a house near the president's home on their behalf, and a former Haitian senator provided the mercenaries with weapons. After around a month of planning, it was go time. On July 7, in the dead of night, the band of 28 mercenaries stormed the house of the president, disarming 24 police officers who were guarding the premises. While a team of seven headed inside the house, the rest of the mercenaries maintained a perimeter outside, with one falsely announcing over a megaphone that the raid was being carried out by the US Drug Enforcement Agency, while another, according to onlookers, was operating a drone. While inside, the mercenaries tied up two maids and a single guard, and while the president's daughter remained unharmed, his wife was shot three times, later leading to her being flown to a Florida hospital for her injuries. The president himself was killed with 12 bullet wounds. The team of mercenaries then fled the scene, with the majority escaping to two buildings east of the city, where a shootout with police would leave three dead and 18 others arrested. A handful of others were later arrested while hiding in some bushes, while another 11 were apprehended without bloodshed in the city's Taiwan embassy. At the time of writing, five members of the mercenary team are still on the run. After the assassination, Haitian officials requested the help of the United States to investigate the incident, and after two weeks, a successor by the name of Ariel Henry, who was previously appointed by the president was sworn into office, but not without steep criticism from a sizable portion of Haitian society. Detractors believe Mr. Henry is closely associated with the same entrenched powers that led to the assassination of the president in the first place, and although he is supported by most western powers, to many people within the country, this was more or less seen as an outcome of foreign meddling. Haiti continues to be one of the poorest and least developed countries in the world, and along with widespread poverty, crippled infrastructure, and no access to COVID vaccines, political unrest is the last thing this nation needs, in its long list of pre-existing problems. Last month, we covered the shaky Peruvian election battle between Pedro Castillo and Kiko Fujimori. For those who don't have insane memories, the election served as somewhat of a pivot point for the future of Peru, with both candidates having very different ideologies concerning the future of the nation. On one end, you have Kiko Fujimori, a career politician, and also to former president of Peru, Alberto Fujimori, who was often described as a dictator, and is currently serving a prison sentence for corruption and human rights abuses. Kiko Fujimori has run on a platform of supporting free market practices, social conservatism, building more prisons, and doing more to support small and medium businesses. Her political opponent is Pedro Castillo. Son to illiterate peasants, and himself a former school teacher, this self-described socialist has run on a campaign of rewriting the constitution, and has proposed nationalizing the mining industry within the country. An evangelical Christian, he is also described as socially conservative, although, he's often been accused of being linked to the militant communist guerrilla group, Shining Path, an organization which the United States considers a terrorist faction. From what we could find, such link is unfounded, as there's evidence that in his younger days, he worked as a patrolman for a remote community to defend against that very group. In any case, both candidates were very unique. When the polls were counted, an unexpected outcome was revealed. Pedro Castillo took the top spot to win the presidency, however, Kiko Fujimori actually came third, as the amount of citizens casting blank votes was enough to score it the second place position. As much as we like to remain unbiased in our reporting, I was personally on team blank, purely for comedic purposes. However, quite fortunately for my own selfish need to have a chuckle, supporters of the defeated Kiko Fujimori, rallied outside of the Peruvian government palace, and attempted to assault two ministers inside of their cars, after long running and disproven claims by the candidate that there was widespread voter fraud. The writers of this season of real life are fucking nailing it. At the same time, a Peruvian Olympic skateboarder signs up for a one-way ticket to Destination Fucked, a pair of Swedish prisoners take hostages and demand pizza for their release, and Activision Blizzard gets sued by the state of California after rampant sexism led a woman to suicide. With another month of news over, we'd like to sincerely thank all viewers, contributors, and Patreon supporters for making this video possible. For those who may not be an expert in YouTube's policies, the platform really doesn't like this series. Our installment in May was restricted to an audience of 18+, our news for June netted a grand total of 24 new subscribers, and since the series began at the start of 2019, not a single mainline news entry has been deemed safe for advertisers. In fact, our recent video breaking down the Israeli-Palestinian conflict was briefly taken down altogether, forcing me to write an appeal to state that no one on the team were members of a terrorist organization. On top of this, a Mozilla-funded research effort released this month found that not only does grey area content such as what we make get its viewership artificially throttled by 70%, but content which was considered misleading reportedly received a 70% increase in viewership. With this in mind, when we say that we are thankful for every single share, like, and Patreon donation, you fucking know we are telling the truth. As always, links to support the channel are in the description, and we'd like to thank all viewers, a happy August of 2021. Thanks for watching!