As always, we'll start the news by making everyone eat their COVID vegetables. Here are the current confirmed cases as of the last day of editing, with the United States, India and Brazil still fighting for the most case podium position. We would however like to congratulate the United States in particular for being the first nation to cross the half a million total death threshold. When compared to US lives lost from combat deaths, COVID 19 has killed more US citizens than World War 1, World War 2, the Vietnam War, the Korean War, the American Revolutionary War, the Iraq War, the War in Afghanistan, the War of 1812, and the Mexican American War combined. In fact, even after all of this, you could sneak in another Vietnam War and you'd still be a few thousand short of being equal with the number of US COVID deaths. Other nations that have seen an uptick include the United Arab Emirates, Iraq, and the Czech Republic. In more light-hearted news, vaccination manufacturing and distribution has become gradually more efficient and initial reports indicate that regions that have began to administer vaccines have seen a general decrease in the rate of infection. The woman in this video is King Hanan Wei, she is a physical education teacher at the Ministry of Education in Myanmar's capital of N A declared that the election was infected with voter fraud and subsequently seized control of the executive, legislative, and judicial branches of government. Like pretty much every dodgy takeover we cover, citizens who are confident that a wildly unpopular military party didn't win the election, were quick to take to the streets in protest, and the new military in power was now more than happy to suppress such demonstrations, with no fear of repercussions. The deployment of water cannons, rubber bullets, and live ammunition has been reported to quell demonstrators, and the first death was recorded as early as the 7th of February, when a woman died of a gunshot wound. The military later cut off the nation's internet, making it difficult for images and videos to be sent to the outside world, but footage of protesters out in numbers, getting subsequently gunned down, isn't hard to find when you know where to look. In terms of the legal standing of the coup, journalist Graham Stewart, writing for UK-based publication, the critic wrote, there is not one shred of legal process in this theft of a nation. A member of the SWAG news team was fortunate enough to speak to a student and protester, living in the Myanmar city of Mandalay, through the country's internet blackout. She hoped the situation wouldn't mimic the national popular uprisings in the country in 1988, which led to the deaths of up to 10,000 people. She later stated, I don't want my country to be like mainland China or Russia. It is believed that the former president and state councilor are still being detained in Tandmandau, and the United Nations has written a very stern letter to the Myanmar military, asking very nicely if they'd consider returning the nation to democratic normalcy. There have also been reports that as many as 25,000 prisoners have been released by the new ruling party, which was officially undertaken as a sign of unity under the new military controlled government, however, many suspect that this is just an attempt to mix violent criminals with peaceful protesters in order to justify an escalated use of force. Others see the order as ripping off the plot of the dark knight's rises. But like all similar stories we cover, we are unlikely to know what will happen to the nation of Myanmar. Some believe the military will remain in control indefinitely, others are confident that democracy will indeed prevail in a historically democratically devoid region of the world, and some say that the woman at the start of the story is still dancing to this day. Unless you're new to the concept of the news, you've probably heard that the United States swore in a new president in January. Joe Biden, best known for being one of the most successful dinosaur tamers in the Jurassic period, made some pretty ambitious claims on his campaign trail, leading up to his election, so the team decided to check in on his progress and compile a list of promises broken and promises kept. As a standard disclaimer, this piece was written less than 30 days after he came into office, and as an Australian, I really don't give a shit about taking sides in US politics, but with that out of the way, let's get started. One of the most important promises made during his election campaign was to provide free COVID testing across the country, and to increase the rate of testing overall. So far, testing across the nation has indeed been expanded, and medical supply production has been increased, but the testing program still has a long way to go before it reaches the desired level of capacity. A second critical promise was to re-enter both the World Health Organization and the Paris Climate Accord, which were some of the first executive actions done by the president. Expanding upon the Affordable Care Act also appears to be a priority for Mr Biden, however, it seems unlikely that he will adopt the much more ambitious Medicare for All plan proposed by Bernie Sanders, best known for wearing mittens at the presidential inauguration. In terms of foreign policy, Biden has publicly announced his wishes to rejoin the Iranian nuclear agreement, which is basically a deal to lift US sanctions on Iran in exchange for them no longer developing nuclear weapons. Viewers might remember that this deal was ended on the first few days of 2020, after a top Iranian general was assassinated by a US drone strike. Not much has actually happened, but we'll be sure to keep an eye on the situation. In terms of immigration, Biden has also removed the immigration ban from a handful of countries, including Iran, Libya, Somalia, Yemen, Venezuela, and North Korea, which we can only assume was only on the list as a hilarious joke. With regards to nations close to the United States, Biden has pledged to halt all deportations, however the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency has reportedly refused to cooperate with this policy. On the economic side of things, one of the president's most popular promises during the campaign was to deliver $2000 stimulus checks to every American citizen. As of time of writing, these checks have yet to be delivered, and many experts predict that they will instead end up at around $1400, citing that many Americans already received $600 checks last year. Mr Biden also claimed to support a $15 minimum wage, however this is unlikely to be passed anytime soon, if at all. This was an admittedly brief overview for Mr Biden's first month in office. As of time of writing, the Biden administration has yet to stop selling weapons to oppressive governments, or decisively act on the genocide of Uyghur Muslims within the northwest region of mainland China. Aside from the usual fuckery in the United States, it was also the setting of an enormous snowstorm which touched every single state outside of Alaska and Hawaii. Starting on February 15, many areas across the center of the country saw record low temperatures, with the state of Texas dropping to as low as 0 freedom units, or minus 18 degrees celsius, for liberty hating communists watching. During the cold snap, many different areas of the country experienced rolling power outages, frozen water lines, and crumbling infrastructure, but in an attempt to keep this story at a manageable length, we'll be focusing on Texas in particular, as it was the most impacted state overall. The peak of the storm left over 4 million Texans without power, and another 350,000 cars off for several days, in the crippling cold weather. Like most things in America, people reacted to the situation by sparking a political debate over the reliability of renewable energy, as opposed to fossil fuels. A few political commentators blamed wind turbines freezing as the reason for the blackouts across the state, but from what we could find, this wasn't a claim we were able to verify. What we found, is that around 10-20% of the state was powered by wind turbines, while the rest was made up of natural gas, coal, and nuclear power, which were all found to lack protection at these temperatures. In fact, one energy company stated that wind turbines within the state actually overperformed during the storm, and probably would have generated even more power had they been better equipped for the weather, such as variants in Norway, Canada, and Antarctica. The most entertaining part of this tragically deadly storm was when Texas Senator Ted Cruz was seen getting on a plane headed to the Mexican city of Cancun for the weekend, known for its beaches, numerous resorts, and nightlife. Senator Cruz later booked a flight back to the states, after being bullied on twitter, and proceeded to blame his 10 and 12 year old daughters for the excursion. Over the month, electric bills were raised as high as $17,000, hotel rooms were charging as much as $1000 a night, and as of time of writing, at least 70 deaths have been attributed to icy temperatures across the nation. This month saw Facebook block any and all Australian users from sharing or viewing news content on its website. The decision came after a long proposed law that would see Facebook obliged to pay news publishers for their articles being shared on the platform. An Australian regulator argued that this proposed law was designed to level the playing field between tech giants and news publishers who are struggling due to lost revenue. Facebook responded to the situation, saying that the law misunderstands the dynamics of the internet, and that it would penalize Facebook for content it didn't take or ask for. Facebook went on to say that it generated around $407 million for publishers through referrals, but gained very little from these sites itself. From the perspective of Facebook, letting news publications charge them for the privilege of hosting their content, and setting a precedent for other countries to follow in their foot steps is a much worse option than simply cutting off news altogether and taking that collective loss. For those who might still be confused around the situation, the swag news team was able to generate a reenactment of events as they happened. Understandably, not many Australians were happy with the change, with some deleting their accounts, others comparing Facebook to an authoritarian government, and the director of Human Rights Watch in the country raising cause for concern. After around a week, both Facebook and the Australian government reached an equitable agreement, and the news block was reversed. With this being said, this wasn't the first time Australian media companies have attempted to make big tech pay for their news coverage, when in June of last year, they made a case for Google and Facebook to pay them $600 million a year for using their news content. Google subsequently rejected the notion, stating that publishers were only generating around 10 million a year in revenue. It's an easy case to make that tech platforms have become so big that they now act as a kind of private utility for many citizens. However, Australia in particular has gained an unfortunate reputation of being really fucking stupid when it comes to tech policy. In a 2009 proposal, Australia's biggest infrastructure project saw an ambitious $30 billion goal to provide high-speed, world-class internet access across the country by the year 2016. By that deadline, less than 15% of households had access, the fiber optic cables were replaced with much slower copper lines to cut down costs, and the project had already gone $20 billion over budget. Australia's other highlights include enacting encryption laws, widely criticized for discouraging the technology sector within the nation, and most recently, a proposal to tax electric cars for every kilometer driven. Australia takes its Mad Max reputation very seriously. Whether you're a struggling news publication trying to adapt to an online business model, or just a person worried that Facebook is going to take away your ability to receive news, then you'll probably be interested in today's sponsor. If you're trying to remain invisible online, or just trying to watch region-locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN makes protecting your online privacy and watching prohibited Netflix shows as easy as convincing an attractive woman who's super into star signs that you have any level of compatibility, and Surfshark is so progressive that the company prides itself on employing 60% more sharks than any of their competitors. Gone are the days of giving your computer the clap just because you couldn't help but illegally download the newest VeggieTales movie. Simply change your location to anywhere you like and appreciate a whole cornucopia of new media to enjoy. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 83% discount, 3 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN. It's cheaper than the other ones. Meanwhile, a company spends 5 and a half million to advertise its $1 million charitable donation. Thirty members of the Taliban blow themselves up during a bomb-making class, and the United Nations writes a strongly-worded letter to Iran, politely urging them to stop electrocuting gay children. The Economist has released its yearly democracy report, aiming to rank and measure the state of democracy over 167 countries throughout the world. These countries are then analyzed by the metrics of electoral process, the functioning of government, political participation, political culture, and civil liberties. Each nation is then given an overall score and assigned a regime type, ranging from authoritarian to a full democracy. To get the burning questions out of the way early, the top 10 democratic countries were Norway, Iceland, Sweden, New Zealand, and Canada, followed by Finland, Denmark, Ireland, then both Australia and the Netherlands tied for 9th place. Unfortunately, only 23 nations worldwide actually qualified for the full democracy title, with any country with an overall score below 8 and above a 6, instead acting as a flawed democracy. Two surprising countries that fell just short of the full democracy definition were both France and the United States, both being dragged down in particular by the functioning of government and the political culture metrics. This isn't to say these were the only nations suffering from a downgrade, with almost 70% of all countries worldwide recording a decline in their overall score. A key finding for the report was that Covid-19 played a heavy role in this overall decline, as although individual freedoms were often restricted in an attempt to stop a global outbreak, this is not a concern for people looking from a purely democratic viewpoint. A result of the outbreak was that as countries in the Asian region tended to have a much better Covid-19 response, this led to the gap narrowing between Asia and Europe along these democratic metrics. The United States received a special mention in the report, citing that the pandemic has spurred extremely low levels of trust in institutions and political parties, and high levels of political polarization. On a positive note, the report was able to praise record voter turnout in the 2020 presidential election. The lowest nations on the list were unsurprisingly the usual suspects, with North Korea, the ironically named Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the Central African Republic all receiving tremendously low scores. The biggest winner for the year however, was Taiwan, who managed to climb an incredibly impressive 20 places and claim its position as the 11th most democratic country on earth. Viewers who want to see the ranking can refer to our clusterfuck of sources in the description. Leading international law experts are attempting to add a new crime to the International Criminal Court. It's called ecocide, and it's the destruction of the natural environment by deliberate or negligent human action. As it stands, there are only four crimes covered under the International Court, those being genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and crimes of aggression, which all fuse into a shitty power ranger combination, somewhat resembling early 1940s Germany. The team of law experts argue that since climate change knows no borders, and because the destruction of any ecosystem has global consequences, criminalizing environmental destruction would incentivize more governments to take these consequences more seriously. The goal of the campaign is to hold governments, companies, and individuals more accountable for environmental destruction, as it leaves negative consequences for all citizens of the planet. Legal efforts to combat climate change first started at the international level, with the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, however, many of these previous efforts failed to take root, partly due to people either fearing the expenses of cleaner alternatives or simply denying climate change altogether. The sources most responsible for which include electricity generation, transportation, industry, and agriculture, many of which will need to make the rapid leap to innovations such as renewable energy alternatives, electric cars, and synthetic meat within the next few decades. Recent efforts to make ecocide a crime have been backed by activist, Greta, for the love of fuckless and to scientists Thunberg, and French president, Emmanuel Baguette Macron, who cited the Brazilian government's handling of the rainforest fires as an example of criminally negligent behavior. Macron also spoke about incorporating punishments for ecocide into French domestic law. While making it internationally illegal to sucker punch mother nature might sound like a good idea, the proposal hasn't been without both criticism and sizable hurdles to overcome. Firstly, the adoption of legal framework would require the ratification of a two-thirds majority of member states, which is no easy task. Secondly, some of the biggest players on the international stage are not members of the International Criminal Court, most notably the United States, Russia, and China. Experts within the SWAG news team predict that if they did become members, the amount of crimes processed by the court would collectively employ more people than the entire nation of Liechtenstein. The campaign does however argue that non-members can still be punished by crimes of the Criminal Court, assuming members are willing to hold them accountable. The legal team is expected to complete the first proposal of the draft by the middle of the year, at which point it will be submitted to the Criminal Court for consideration. One of the most interesting stories we've had the pleasure to cover over the past six months has been that of Alexei Navalny. As a refresher, this Russian political opposition leader was poisoned by a government hit squad, flown to recover in Germany, called and debriefed a member of the team that made an attempt on his life while posing as a high-ranking official before eventually returning to Russia and being arrested upon arrival. The reason for the arrest is slightly complicated, but basically, he was charged with a 2014 embezzlement conviction that from what we can tell, was most likely fabricated. The most notable consequence of this was that he now had to check in with Russian authorities every few weeks by law. However, when he was poisoned by the Russian government and put into a coma for several weeks, he was obviously unable to perform these check-ins. When talking about Russian President Vladimir Putin, Mr. Navalny said, I have deeply offended him, simply by surviving the assassination attempt that he ordered. February saw his trial take place, which saw him trace a heart-shaped outline on his glass cage to his wife, as the judge sentenced him to more than two and a half years in jail. This frankly laughable attempt at appearing like a fair trial certainly didn't go down well with many of Mr. Navalny's supporters, which sparked the biggest wave of protests in the country in several decades. Over 5750 people were detained for protest efforts in a single day, the highest number the nation has seen since the fall of the Soviet Union. This number is likely due to Mr. Navalny and his team releasing a video near the start of the year, giving an exclusive look into Vladimir Putin's billion-dollar palace and how it was paid for in what they called, the biggest bribe in world history. The European Union has strongly condemned the sentence, using a lot of fancy words to call the decision absolute bullshit, however, Russian authorities have dismissed these statements as foreign meddling. A Kremlin spokesperson said that Russia is ready to open a dialogue about Alexei Navalny, but stated that it wouldn't take any Western criticism into account. After Navalny's arrest, he quickly became the most mentioned political figure in Russia, beating out even Vladimir Putin himself. One region which we haven't covered in quite a while has been Hong Kong, and more specifically, its takeover by the Chinese government. Here's a quick refresher on the situation. After the Chinese Qing Empire lost the Second Opium War to the British in 1860, the tea-loving scallywags took the small Hong Kong region for themselves. However, realizing that Hong Kong would be strategically hard to properly defend, they struck a deal to lease the region for 99 years, after which they would return it to China. From 1898, Hong Kong grew to become an economic powerhouse, a democratic government, and the center of finance in Asia. By 1997, the British fulfilled their obligation and gave back the region to China, on the condition that it would maintain an independent legal system and be protected under the same level of human rights it had previously enjoyed for at least the next 50 years. This worked pretty well until the Chinese government pranked the region in 2019, when it made a change that would allow Hong Kong citizens to be tried under the Chinese legal system. As Chinese law is often viewed as absolute bullshit, and because China was breaking its 50 year treaty, many people in Hong Kong decided to take to the streets in protest, and these pro-democracy demonstrators weren't messing around. I was previously fortunate enough to get to talk to a member of the protest movement, and the level of coordination, logistical ingenuity, and resourcefulness demonstrated by these activists have far and away outclassed any protest movement we've covered on this series. After over a year of constant protests, the Chinese government eventually passed a security law, which did things such as classifying damage to public property as terrorism, establishing an all powerful security office in Hong Kong, grant the ability to wiretap any citizen suspected of a crime, hold trials completely inaccessible to the public eye, and make any kind of collusion with foreign forces, risk a lifetime in prison. Part of the security law strangely specified that every single person on earth was also subject to these changes, meaning even me making the suggestion that the people of Hong Kong deserve human rights is technically breaking Chinese law. Unsurprisingly, our old contacts in the protest movement have since gone dark. The newest update on this situation has been a proposal to grant unfettered power to the immigration director, which could stop any person, whether a resident or not, from leaving the city. One of the most concerning aspects of this proposal is there are currently no details on when and why it should be used, leading many to believe that it would simply be wielded to contain citizens who desire to leave. Some commentators suspect that these proposed laws may be to stifle a potential mass exodus from the city, especially after the United Kingdom announced that it would be allowing permanent residents for an astronomical 5 million Hong Kong citizens, which would be two thirds of the entire population. One of the reasons behind this immigration offer is because as a former commonwealth nation, it's difficult to see a child stuck in an abusive relationship without inviting them to come home to the warm glow of democracy and comforting British tea. The secondary reason is because Hong Kong is one of the most highly educated regions in the world, and getting millions of pre-educated, working age people to start immediately generating that juicy income tax is a pretty good deal for the UK government. It's estimated that the British government could score a net capital gain of £2.4 billion at the bare minimum this year alone, with an estimated £26 billion expected to leave Hong Kong over this same period. It's unsurprising that the Chinese government would want to limit such a mass exodus. At the same time, citizens of Texas make the claim that they're being buried in fake snow, daft punk splits after 28 years, and a humble man tells the US congress that he likes a stock. Something you may have noticed this month is the addition of both a fact checker and dedicated video game writer. It was extremely difficult to pick from the pool of over 450 people who applied, as we got applications from people who were from all over the world, in nearly every different background imaginable, but we believe we've landed some excellent new additions. The first candidate we chose was Nathan the video game writer, who has 4 separate degrees, as well as several years of experience with television production and cyber security. The next pick was Brandon the writer and fact checker, who was something of an enigma in the very wide pool of candidates. Although not holding a single degree to his name, Brandon boasts 5 published novels, has won several awards for writing, can fluently speak 3 languages, and was personally recommended by a New York Times best-selling author. Needless to say, the writing sections will be in very capable hands. However, as is life, there is a give and take, and this month very sadly sees the departure of Smurfson the editor, who you might recognize as the person who single-handedly increased our production value tenfold. Smurfson is very fortunately moving on to some more stable and exciting work, and we really do wish him all the best after everything he's done for the series. Viewers who want to keep up with Smurfson can find links to his twitter and youtube channel down below. This does however open up a new position on the team, meaning we're now accepting applications for a video editor, who'll be able to fill the very big shoes left by Smurfson. If you consider yourself a cracked editor and think you could bring something special to the channel, the link to apply is in the description. For the rest of you who might have recently made bank on the stock market, or just want to support what we do, a link to Patreon can also be found below. As it currently stands, viewers are 5% away from making me create a guide on how to beat up children. I've also added another stretch goal, to advertise the channel on a flying banner over a major city, partly to get around the youtube algorithm, and partly for our own amusement. With everything out of the way, and with the month now over, everyone on the team would like to wish viewers, a happy march, of 2021.