This month's news was made possible by 504 Patreon supporters and by our proud sponsor, Surfshark VPN. As the sixth month of the year comes to a close, even the most insane of stories seem to be just business as usual to those who have been watching since January. The world under lockdown will make the history books as one of the biggest events of our lifetime. However, it currently only serves as the backdrop to a wealth of changes that are exciting, tragic, and undeniably interesting. These were the headlines from June 2020. Regulars to the channel will know that you have to eat your COVID-19 vegetables before the violent conflict dessert, and with that being said, here are the current stats of confirmed cases and fatalities as of the last day of editing. As with last month, the United States, Brazil, and Russia maintain their podium places, however, Peru, Chile, and South Africa have all seen worrying spikes over the past few weeks. New Zealand on the other hand has made the rest of the world look like smooth brain idiots, as the nation hasn't reported a single locally acquired case since May, and has lifted all restrictions except its border control measures. New Zealand famously took an extremely aggressive response to the COVID-19 outbreak, with the expert who formulated the response plan, aiming to stop the virus entirely before it could present a larger problem. The United States, however, seems to be taking a different approach to the virus, as despite having over a million active cases, the nation looks to adopt a strategy of living alongside the virus, as opposed to wiping it out entirely. States such as Oklahoma, Ohio, and Florida have all seen record numbers of confirmed cases in a single day, as they begin to reopen businesses such as restaurants, bars, and barber shops. The US President has encouraged all governors to move towards the third phase of reopening, with hopes that the public will have high demand since many businesses have been closed for nearly four months. Reopening has not yet seen consumer spending at levels that were predicted, and restaurants in particular have only seen a 20% average capacity, down from the predicted 50%. Those who have kept track of US affairs over the past month will have also noticed the nationwide law enforcement side quest, which has seen every US state engaged in heated protests over police brutality within the country. The Swag News team released a dedicated video on the event a few days ago, but an estimation of the effect of these protests has been projected to be between 50 to 500 additional deaths for every day of continued demonstrations. As of this month, COVID-19 has taken more US lives than the First World War. Details of the new security laws imposed on Hong Kong by the Chinese government have been unveiled. The new, we can do whatever the fuck we want laws, give integrated Chinese officials sweeping power over the region, will set up a Chinese controlled National Security Bureau, and in some cases, try criminals under mainland law, as opposed to Hong Kong's stand-alone legal system. The new law would also give Chinese officials absolute control over national security cases under special circumstances, effectively allowing the Chinese government to grab the wheel of the Hong Kong region whenever they want. The implementation of the new law comes after 15 months of coordinated protests by citizens who oppose the concept of residents of Hong Kong being tried under China's separate legal system, which has often been criticised for its lack of transparency and inhumane punishment. This month also saw a new law which now makes it illegal to insult the Chinese national anthem within Hong Kong. The United States has announced that it could no longer certify Hong Kong's political autonomy from China. The region of Hong Kong has historically been one of the most attractive places in Asia for foreign investment, owing in part to the special trading status given to it by the United States. However, as the US has determined that the region does not in fact still hold its autonomy, this will very likely mean that Hong Kong will be treated like any other part of China, meaning much less favourable conditions for trade. No specific sanctions have been announced as of time of writing. The British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, has stated that the new law breaches the treaty signed between China and the UK in 1997, which guarantees the autonomy of Hong Kong under Chinese rule. In response, Mr Johnson announced that the British government will dramatically change their immigration laws, which would make nearly 3 million Hong Kong citizens eligible to live and work in the United Kingdom, which would place them on the path to earn full citizenship. Assuming this proposal reaches its maximum capacity of immigrating citizens, this would equate to over 38% of the entire population of Hong Kong moving to the UK. The Foreign Secretary of the United Kingdom warned the Chinese government that there is still time to reconsider its behaviour on the world stage. The timing of the new security law comes at an alarming time in the nation's history, as on June 4, 31 years ago, absolutely nothing happened. In uncharacteristically good news for this year, SpaceX made history on May 30 by not only sending the first humans into space from US soil since 2011, but by becoming the first private company to send humans into space at all. The journey to the International Space Station took 19 hours to complete and marks the first time a new vehicle has been used to launch astronauts from the US in four decades. The achievement has been hailed as the first step to make space travel much cheaper, as SpaceX works to continuously improve its cost-effective reusable rockets. NASA plans to work with commercial space companies to eventually launch a manned moon mission in 2024. On 15 June, in the Galwan Valley of the Himalayas, the militaries of both China and India engaged in a skirmish, which resulted in the deadliest conflict between the two nations in 40 years. This dispute occurred in a region of the Himalayas that lies in the Kashmir region, which has been one of the most disputed territories since India gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1947. Needless to say, this certainly isn't the first time that British mapmakers have caused conflict outside of its own borders. The skirmish started when Chinese soldiers were reportedly seen setting up tents and small observation posts in an area that has been declared restricted by both nations. The Indian military later investigated the position up close, and after finding it abandoned, they demolished the site entirely. It was then reported that a large group of Chinese soldiers then arrived on the scene and confronted the Indian troops, which eventually led to the fight taking place. As firearms are forbidden within the zone to reduce the likelihood of tension, the soldiers took to arming themselves with rocks and planks of wood, and some were spotted being thrown into a nearby river, which was dangerously cold at 4.5 kilometers above sea level. There were a confirmed 20 fatalities among the Indian side and an unconfirmed 43 casualties on the side of China, and both nations claim that the opposing state incited the conflict. Both China and India have expressed intentions to de-escalate, and many experts predict that retaliation will most likely come in the form of economic sanctions over military aggression. Meanwhile, an Israeli soldier is sentenced to 45 days of community service for killing a fisherman, YouTube declares that a falsified video linking Bill Gates and malicious vaccination does not violate its community guidelines, and the Grand Legion of Dodgy Governments has condemned the United States for its police brutality. The US President's proposal to invite Russia into the G7, a group of seven of the most advanced economies in the world, has been rejected. The nations of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States who make up the organization, are allowed to invite other countries into the group. However, any expansion needs to be agreed upon unanimously. The leaders of both Canada and the United Kingdom rejected the proposal to invite Russia into the organization, due to its continued violation of international law. Russia was kicked out of the group in 2014 after it invaded the Ukrainian region of Crimea and has since refused to give back the territory. Others can probably guess the reason why the organization used to be called the G8. The decision has raised eyebrows among many, as the recent actions by riot control officers have also come into question, whether the US is also breaking international law. The flag news team has actually traveled to an alternate dimension where the United States has been excluded from the group and returned with footage of the new organization. India, South Korea, and Kangaroo land have also been proposed as new members. Meanwhile, the Space Force branch of the US military stands to lose its trademark to Netflix, a man buys 12 crates of bees for riot control purposes, and a Wall Street Journal survey finds 80% of Americans believe the US is currently out of control. The Prime Minister of Kangaroo land, Scott Morrison, has announced that the nation has been hit by an exceptionally large cyber attack, from what he calls a sophisticated state-based actor. After Morrison was hesitant to confirm whether the attack was commissioned by the Chinese government, but the magic media 8 ball in the basement of the opera house says all signs point to yes. The attack which has targeted information from all levels of government, including industry, education, essential service providers, and political organizations, is speculated to also be pursuing COVID-19 data, which comes after Chinese state actors attempted to steal US research data. Only a month before, the attack is speculated to be retaliation after the Australian government banned Huawei from Australian 5G infrastructure in late 2018 over national security concerns. As viewers might have realized, if this was indeed the case, the Chinese government has responded to accusations of being a threat to national security by being a threat to national security. If only the Australian government knew about today's sponsor. If you're trying to stay anonymous online, or just want to watch region-locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN will allow you to appear in any country of your choosing, which will not only confuse the ever-living shit out of your assigned FBI agent, but users can find a wealth of new Netflix content exclusive to other nations. Leave the pirate profession to Jack Sparrow and Somalian teenagers with rocket launchers, and enjoy your new life of being an omnipresent member of the world, only to use this power to watch 2000's Chicken Run on Netflix. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 85% discount, 3 months for free, and users who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund for any reason at all. Surfshark VPN, it's cheaper than the other ones. At the same time, most of the Supreme Court thinks gay people should have rights, news organizations lie sometimes, and Jeffrey Epstein didn't kill himself. Two inmates from a prison in Rome have escaped after they used a water hose left in one of the prison courtyards to scale the penitentiary walls. The pair left guards a note in their cell explaining that they needed to leave for personal reasons, as they felt compelled to turn their children away from presumably a similarly destructive path. The inmates then promised that they would return after 15 days once their business had been concluded. The two criminals were serving sentences until 2029 for non-violent crimes. We now move on to technology. One of the side effects of the blisteringly fast rise of social media has been the extensive use of misinformation, whether as a coordinated push for a malicious party to achieve a goal, or simply from the beliefs of people with this profile picture getting reinforced by their own echo chamber. In order to combat how easily false information can be spread, Twitter has started testing a feature that asks users if they did indeed want to share an article if it was detected that they never read it themselves. A 2016 study from Columbia University found that 59% of links posted on Twitter are never clicked, and a satirical news website in 2018 racked up over 127,000 shares for an article almost entirely made up of placeholder text. Twitter this month also banned over 117,000 accounts that have been tied to Chinese propaganda campaigns, and have also started labeling tweets that falsely connect the spread of coronavirus to 5G networks, a problem that we covered in depth on last month's news video. Facebook on the other hand has notoriously had a hands-off approach when it comes to misleading information, with CEO and robot lizard Mark Zuckerberg stating that the platform shouldn't be the arbiter of truth of everything people say online. One report concluded that Facebook algorithms exploit the human brain's attraction to divisiveness, and an article by the Wall Street Journal details how it's led to users becoming more radicalized by their own beliefs. One of the reasons behind taking a hands-off approach towards misinformation was that an internal study by Facebook researchers found that flagging articles that were not true would disproportionately affect one particular political group. In the purposes of remaining unbiased, the political leanings of this group will remain anonymous, and viewers are encouraged to make up their own mind on how social media companies should handle misinformation. The supporters of Twitter's system praise the company for taking an active role in stopping the spread of untrue information, while critics argue that a private company being allowed to determine what is and isn't classified as true isn't worth the benefits of these efforts to eradicate misinformation. The sequel to Into the Spider-Verse is on track for its planned release in 2022, Christopher Nolan buys an entire 747 because it was cheaper than using CGI, and the TV show Cops has been cancelled. The reason behind the cancellation is entirely up to viewer speculation. We also get trailers for Bill & Ted, Face the Music, Palm Springs, and The King's Man. In gaming, June marked the month that would have featured E3, commonly known to be the biggest gaming event of the year. Although the Entertainment Expo was mysteriously cancelled for seemingly no reason at all, this didn't stop Sony from using the opportunity to finally unveil the upcoming PlayStation 5. The striking design, which is in stark contrast to the mini-fridge shape of its Xbox competitor, is set to accommodate its cooling system, which was designed to better disperse heat and to reduce operating noise. The PS5 will be aiming to run games at 4K resolution at 60 frames per second, and plans to use emerging technologies, such as ray tracing and 3D audio, for a more immersive experience. The release date for both the PS5 and Xbox Series X has yet to be announced, but both will be absolutely launching in time for the Christmas season. The price is also on the minds of many within the industry, as the advantage of both companies to be second to name their price seems to have created a strange standoff with less than six months before release. Consoles are often sold at a loss in order to become more attractive to customers, and revenue is then made up in subscription services and licensing. The PS5 will be launching with a new Spider-Man game, Assassin's Creed Valhalla, Outriders, Godfall, Rainbow Six Siege, Dirt 5, and Destiny 2, Beyond Light, among others. The streaming platform, Mixer, has officially announced that it will be shutting down as of the 22nd of July. The Microsoft-owned platform failed to reach the scale needed to keep it running into the future, and will instead be partnering with Facebook Gaming, which the company believes will allow it to reach a much larger audience. High-profile streamers like Ninja and Shroud, who were paid an estimated 20-30 million to exclusively stream on the platform, have now been released to operate on any other streaming site they so choose. Microsoft hopes that the partnership with Facebook Gaming will allow it to more easily roll out its xCloud streaming service later in the year. xCloud will allow people to immediately play high-end games on low-end PC hardware by using cloud computing, and will even let people play these titles on their mobile devices. The vision of the partnership would be to have viewers stumble across a stream in Facebook Gaming, and immediately allow the viewer to play the game for themselves with a single click of a button. Three more notable announcements include Cyberpunk 2077 getting delayed until November, Diamond no longer being the strongest material in Minecraft, and Electronic Arts unveiling Star Wars Squadrons, a $40 dogfighting game with no microtransactions, crossplay, as well as both a single-player campaign and multiplayer mode. Game enthusiasts are still speculating on how they'll fuck it up this time. Games released this month include The Last of Us 2, Battle for Bikini Bottom, and most importantly, Titanfall 2 for Steam. Upcoming titles for July include Marvel's Iron Man VR, Death Stranding for PC, Ghost of Tsushima, and a remake of Destroy All Humans. As the year has just ticked over the halfway point, now seems an excellent time to thank every single person who has watched, shared, or donated to the channel. What started as an idea for a quick-to-make and easy-to-digest news source has changed into the much more complicated projects that we now get to make today. The fact that we are able to make dedicated news videos at all, let alone several per month, would have been impossible without your support, and it's allowed our team to thrive uncensored, in a time where objective truth has become increasingly harder to monetize. As always, a link to all sources used, as well as the regular links to keep up with the channel, are available in the description. The SWAG News team would like to wish everyone a happy month of July.