As always, we begin this month with the hottest plague of the 21st century. Here are the latest COVID 19 stats as of the last day of editing, with the podium positions once again unchanged. Freedomland is unfortunately experiencing another massive surge in infections, with the average daily COVID cases surpassing 70,000 at one point this month, however, even worldwide cases have been on the rise, despite aggressive vaccination efforts. Medical experts attribute this global spike in cases to a relaxed public opinion regarding the virus, as we are now entering the final stages of the pandemic, with opened public spaces like restaurants and bars contributing to the spike. Fortunately, this rise in cases has not contributed to a proportionate rise in fatalities, as the medical community has become much more experienced at handling the virus, and many sectors have adapted to new methods of shipping and developing supply chains. The current epicenter of the virus, the United States, has surpassed an impressive 60% of their population vaccinated, with most of Europe surpassing the 25% mark. Typical news enjoyers will probably remember the ever-given, the huge container ship which blocked the Suez Canal for six days at the end of March. For viewers who aren't intimately brushed up on the long history of maritime logistics, the Suez Canal is an artificial waterway, connecting the Red Sea to the Mediterranean Sea through Egypt. Its construction first started in 1858 and took a whole 10 years to build, but the canal, now separating the continents of Africa and Asia, would save vessels traveling from the Arabian Sea to London, approximately 8,900 km. Modern globalization was permanently nano-boosted. Fast forward to when the ever-given got stuck, and the volume of goods being shipped through the narrow pass is hard to even comprehend. Some estimates predicted that for every hour that the canal was blocked, the unfortunate ship was disrupting $400 million worth of goods, or in the six days it stayed in place, approximately $57.6 billion, enough money to fund the US military for nearly two months. Of course, this amount of money wasn't actually lost, with many ships making the decision to just slide to the left around Africa completely, but as previously mentioned, a nearly 9,000-kilometer trip isn't exactly a cheap detour. Despite the sources we could find, which suggested the blockage to be caused by unusually high wind, the Egyptian government went on to impound the ever-given and demand $900 million of compensation for its return. Egyptian maritime law allows vessels to be seized for outstanding debt, however, critics of the move have argued that as the crew have been unable to leave, the Egyptian government is more or less just demanding a ransom, like fucking pirates. Whether Egypt is going to have any luck in their quest for compensation remains to be seen, as the target for legal action is about as clear as the plot of the matrix. This is because the ever-given is manned with an Indian crew, hired by a German firm, which was contracted by a Taiwan-based conglomerate, who leased the ship from a Japanese holding company, which is now seeking to limit its legal liabilities through British court. We wish the Egyptian government all the best in their efforts. For those of you who don't follow US politics as closely as our own Jack the Intern, you probably wouldn't know the newly appointed Director of National Intelligence, Avril Haines. Mrs. Haines is an absolute stacy in her own right, with her long list of achievements, including moving to Japan to earn a brown belt in judo, moving back to the United States to study quantum and theoretical physics, getting a law degree, helping to design a particle accelerator, co-running an award-winning bookstore, and often being a go-to figure for knowing whether a suspected terrorist can be legally blown to pieces in a drone strike. The first order of business for Mrs. Haines was to release a study titled Global Trends, which is a report released every four years since 1997. The study takes a metric shit-ton of data, which is then analyzed in order to advise policymakers on future decisions. The intention is to give a few predictions about what the future will hold for the global community, but more generally focuses on how these issues affect the United States. It should be noted that although the raw data is reliable, the way it's interpreted and filtered through a US-centric viewpoint may lead to distorted predictions. With this in mind, let's see what NASA's Magic 8 Ball has in store. The study has four major sections made up of demographics and human development, environmental changes, economics, and technology. Here's a brief overview for all of them. For demographics and human development, an aging and plateauing population in developed countries, and underdevelopment in areas with exploding populations such as sub-Saharan Africa, is expected to spur mass migration in order to supplement the workforce of the world's most advanced economies. This shift towards a more diverse and generally less economically advantaged population will force governments the world over to invest more into public utilities, social welfare programs, and general safety nets in order to survive. The environment is by far the bleakest category, independent of the mentioned rise in migration due to economic opportunity, humanitarian and refugee crises on a scale never seen in the pages of history are likely to come about due to rising average temperatures, rising sea levels, and food insecurity. The study goes to great length to explain how areas like Florida, generally considered safe to live today, will eventually become entirely uninhabitable. This is due to any number of factors listed above, such as the area becoming too hot to establish permanent settlements, land becoming unsittable for agriculture, or by regions simply being engulfed by the ocean. The study explains that areas traditionally considered breadbaskets will become either too hot or too dry to sustain current levels of agriculture. This factor, along with rising average temperatures, will likely result in countries like Canada and Russia gaining vast swaths of farmland as permafrost melts to make way for habitable land. Many other factors such as pollution, water misuse, loss of biodiversity, and desertification are all mentioned in the report, but in the interest of limiting the amount of depression we give to viewers, we are just going to move on. Next up is economics, which seems to remain the most unchanged. As financial firms and institutions have been deregulated and granted more autonomy, their ability to influence international trade has greatly risen. This has in turn made it much easier for large multinational corporations to gain an upper hand at the negotiating table, which has had a number of key effects. In general, these trade agreements have allowed an overall increase in raw GDP in the short term, however, it is expected to exacerbate wealth inequality over a longer period. In addition to business as usual, it is expected that a shortage of essential resources such as food and clean water will lead to more hostile negotiations with traditional trading partners. The last section is made up of technology and is likely to be the most unpredictable. This section highlights how technological advancement has changed society in recent years, with inventions like the smartphone and more broadly the internet changing the way our society operates. They go on to explain how potential technologies in the future have the capability to reverse much of the damage done to the environment, but they also have the capability to drive a wedge between an already divided world. The researchers make a point of noting that many forms of social media and internet communities have resulted in echo chambers. This is essentially where algorithms trying to increase user attention will tend to feed people content that enforces their own world views, which leads to a more radicalized and divided population. If your uncle started thinking Bill Gates was trying to use a COVID vaccine to implant mind controlling microchips into people, he was probably just the victim of an algorithm trying to squeeze him for another 4 cents of ad revenue. The rest of the section is devoted to automation and how with the help of artificial intelligence, machines will replace human labor in a large number of sectors. The number of jobs lost would be nearly impossible to predict, however, they expect that a rapidly shifting climate will be the catalyst for rapid innovation, taking most of the day to day labor of most jobs out of human hands. The report states that with certain precautions taken and protections provided for the vast majority of the population likely to be displaced, the automation shift could actually be in it positive to the average worker. It should however be mentioned that without these protections, mass unemployment, severe homelessness, and even deflation are all likely outcomes. If you thought we were done, then guess what fucko, this shit was like a billion pages long. The report also goes on to predict 5 different scenarios that are likely to become a reality by the year 2040. The first scenario sees economic, environmental, and societal turmoil warp the conventional powers of today into either unstable nations or forms of severe authoritarian rule. With the unwillingness of both governmental and corporate powers to follow international law, societal upheaval results in both resource shortages and food and water insecurity. Cyberpunk 2040 isn't even the worst outcome on this list. In the second scenario, both the United States and China realize that relentlessly killing the planet to gain an upper hand is not a good long term strategy for anyone involved. Instead, the two nations develop a closer relationship, and both take strong initiatives to tackle climate change. The world from Mad Max is fortunately avoided. In the next scenario, destructive echo chambers further divide members of society and individuals start to isolate from anyone who doesn't explicitly agree with what their community or group stands for. Eventually these groups become so isolated that their beliefs become increasingly more radical since differing opinions are never brought to the table. In this scenario, entire nations and regions of the world succumb to this concept. The report outlines how echo chambers or information silos can encompass entire nation states or political systems, and they have historically never led to a healthy and vibrant democracy. We now come to the best scenario. By the year 2040, the world has been revitalized by an advancement in technology. Scientific breakthroughs and the proper allocation of resources allows many areas to be saved from the clutches of climate change and may even lead to the revival of the Great Barrier Reef, the Eurasian steppe, and the Amazon rainforest. Technologies in carbon capture and renewable energy are able to reverse the worst aspects of climate change, and as a whole, permanent environmental damage is kept at a minimum. Protections and safety nets are enacted to ensure the automation that displaces hundreds of millions from the labor force actually works to their benefit. Energy production is quickly shifted to green alternatives, and of those who are displaced, they are met with the pre-existing capacity to accommodate an influx of refugees. This outcome is by far the most optimistic. In the last scenario, we are all forced to endure the worst the future has to offer. No precautionary measures are taken, no environmental or worker protections are enacted, and the world takes a business-as-usual stance toward these pending threats. Resource shortages of jaw-dropping magnitude rip across the planet, ranging from water to farmland, which results in widespread societal upheaval. Conflict over scarce resources becomes inevitable, inciting violence both between nations and within them. In the best case, the world descends into horrifying forms of authoritarianism, and in the worst case, we get wiped out by nuclear war. These are the many routes the world can take by the year 2040. Any one of these scenarios are possible, and the eventual outcome is solely up to the one we choose to make for ourselves. Meanwhile, in the Great British Motherland, protests over a piece of paper called the Police Crime Sentencing and Courts Bill has got a few jimmies in a tussle. The newly proposed law would give more authority to crack down on protesters and impose harsher sentencing for citizens who get into physical scraps with policemen officers. Specifically, this bill would give police the authority to decide when a protest starts and ends, they will be granted the power to declare arbitrary noise levels as excessive, and citizens who participate in riots will face harsher punishments. Although the bill only affects England and Wales, protests also emerged in Scotland and Northern Ireland, who have historically had a problem with English lawmakers doing shit they don't like. Supporters of the bill state that the new measures are in response to recent protest efforts, which have led to damaged property and the injuring of several police officers. Those who oppose the bill argue that it's a gross overreach of the UK Parliament without properly considering their demands. As of time of writing, the bill has yet to be ratified, but is passing through the preliminary stages in the House of Commons. Should it pass, it would then need to go through the House of Lords, and then finally, the High Council Chamber of Grand Tiddlywanks. Viewers who may be trying to keep themselves from the prying eyes of the council may be interested in today's sponsor. If you're trying to remain invisible online, or just trying to watch region-locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN makes protecting your online privacy and watching prohibited Netflix shows as easy as the entire country of New Zealand, sidestepping Covid-19 completely, and you can rest easy knowing that your privacy is now being protected by sharks with freaking laser beams attached to their heads. Gone are the days of destroying your computer by downloading transformers.exe from a site that looks shadier than the North Korean government. Simply change your location to anywhere you like, and appreciate a whole cornucopia of new media to enjoy. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 83% discount, 3 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN. It's cheaper than the other ones. Meanwhile, Iran censors a soccer match for having a girl show too muchne. The person who called the GameStop share price spike a year and a half ago has doubled his stake a second time, and the Australian government assures citizens that the Covid-19 vaccine cannot connect to the internet. With the Australian government notoriously being particularly terrible at connecting citizens to the internet at all, the Australian public should be able to rest easy in the knowledge that their bodies won't be downloading 420p torrents anytime soon. Viewers may recall our coverage of the death of George Floyd last June, and the events immediately following. For a refresher on the specific case, on the 25th of May, 2020, George Floyd, a 46 year old man, was apprehended by 4 police officers for purchasing a pack of cigarettes with a counterfeit $20 bill. After a verbal altercation, the first responders put Mr. Floyd on his stomach, while police officer Derek Chauvin kneeled on his neck. After over 9 minutes of kneeling on top of Mr. Floyd, he died, leaving officer Chauvin charged with 3rd degree murder and 2nd degree manslaughter. Viewers are of course free to watch our coverage of events we made last year, which details the subsequent protest movement, widespread riots, and the Capitol Hill organized protest, in which essentially saw an entire region of Seattle taken over. It should however be mentioned that our coverage of the events was far from perfect, with a few details being unknown at the time. The autonomous zone also led to several shootings shortly after our release, and there is a quote near the end of the video that we now believe to be taken out of context. With this in mind, and with any reporting on the United States being an absolute divided shit show, with different factions having their own facts and ideologies, we've tried to make our coverage of the actual trial as devoid of any bias as possible. We literally cut a thousand words from this story, so please keep this in mind before you call any members of the team, any politically charged buzzwords on twitter. The trial of Derek Chauvin lasted around 3 weeks, and called witnesses such as a bystander and martial arts instructor, the teenage girl who filmed the incident, as well as an off duty Minneapolis firefighter, who was also present at the scene. On the 19th of April, the jury came to their decision after a 4 hour discussion, and on the 20th of April, the verdict came to pass, Derek Chauvin was found guilty of one charge of second degree murder, meaning the jury needed to be convinced that he unintentionally killed Mr. Floyd, while committing or trying to commit another crime, this being assault in the third degree, he was also found guilty of third degree murder, meaning the jury was convinced that he acted in an eminently dangerous way, with reckless disregard towards human life, when he killed Mr. Floyd. He was lastly found guilty of second degree manslaughter, after the jury determined that he was culpably negligent in causing Mr. Floyd's death. As the jury believed the charges were proved beyond reasonable doubt, they were required to return guilty verdicts on all three counts. The maximum sentence for all three charges amounts to 75 years behind bars. Viewers are as always, free to look at a list of sources in the description. The e-commerce business, Amazon, has once again come under scrutiny for the treatment of its workers this month. This comes after a tweet by US politician Mark Pocan, when he told a member of higher management that it sure would be cool if their workers didn't have to urinate in bottles, to meet performance quotas. A representative of Amazon replied to the comment, saying, you don't really believe the peeing in bottles thing do you? If that were true, nobody would work for us. The truth is, that we have over a million incredible employees around the world, who are proud of what they do, and have great wages, and health care, from day one. Unfortunately for the representative, cases of delivery drivers in particular, urinating in bottles, seem to be just as well documented as the battle of Stalingrad, leading to Amazon later apologising, for wrongfully denying their conditions. Although acknowledging the issue, Amazon failed to actually mention, whether they had any intention to stop the practice going forward. The incident comes only weeks before an Amazon delivery driver quit his job, after the company rolled out heightened surveillance technology in their vehicles. The worker, who refused to give his full name, out of fear of retaliation, detailed a list of previous surveillance methods used while he was on the clock, including real time tracking of his delivery route, and a compulsory picture taken before every shift. With this in mind, the last straw for this disgruntled driver, was the addition of AI powered cameras, which acted as always on monitors, able to read the body language of employees. This software could then detect the drowsiness of the driver, and the speed at which they were travelling, and give verbal alerts, to if a violation has been detected. These violations would then be recorded, and available to view by Amazon management. The company responded to the story, by saying, we are investing in safety across our operations, and recently started rolling out industry leading camera based safety technology, across our delivery fleet. This technology will provide drivers real time alerts, to help them stay safe when they are on the road. As always, we encourage viewers to make up their own mind, on whether or not such a system is justified. As has now become tradition, it's time to check up on Alexei Navalny. Regular viewers will of course remember, how this Russian opposition leader was poisoned by a state sanctioned hit squad, and saved by a German charity, before later returning to Russia, and getting arrested. Since arriving in prison, Mr. Navalny's condition has deteriorated significantly. Upon suffering acute leg and back pain, the 44 year old was denied access to an outside doctor, which started a hunger strike in response, seeing him reportedly lose 15 kilograms, since the start of February. Navalny was later moved to a prison clinic, after complaining of a high temperature, and a bad cough, and in an Instagram post, he claimed that three of the 15 people he's housed with, have tuberculosis. After his condition deteriorated even further, Mr. Navalny was later transferred to another prison, with better equipped medical facilities, after doctors from outside the prison, feared that he could die at any minute. This is all compounded with the deliberate actions by prison authorities, to make life even less tolerable for the opposition leader, waking him up once every hour, to deprive him of sleep, and guards even going out of their way, to cook chicken in front of him. Mr. Navalny originally speculated, that these guards were following orders, to tease him with food, but later concluded, that they legitimately believe they're doing the right thing. This is probably not such a hard thing to believe, as Russian state media has portrayed the hunger strikers an outright hoax, and Russian officials have even gone as far to question, whether Mr. Navalny was poisoned in the first place. When people in nations with relatively free media often fall into filter bubbles, where their own beliefs are consistently reinforced by algorithms telling them exactly what they want to hear, it's unsurprising that people living under an authoritarian state, can be convinced, that you can torture a human being, and still hold any semblance of moral high ground. From outside the prison, supporters of Navalny were busy planning further protest movements, which have already seen record breaking turnouts, since the start of the year. Meanwhile, prosecutors in a Moscow court, have pushed to recognize Navalny's organization as extremist, which would force his supporters to either disband, or face jail time. A top diplomat from the European Union, has made it clear, that they consider the Russian state responsible for Navalny's health, and the United States has already threatened consequences, if Navalny were to die in prison. Alexei Navalny, is likely going to endure a seriously unpleasant stay in his Pokrov prison camp, however, his inhumane treatment is a clear indicator, that he has become one of the most formidable threats, to Vladimir Putin's hold over the country. The European Union is drafting laws, that would ban the use of artificial intelligence for certain high risk functions. Rules such as scanning job applications, making creditworthiness assessments, granting social security benefits, determining eligibility for asylum, or assisting judges in their decision making, would all be outlawed under these proposed rules. The move comes after China's implementation of their own social credit score, in which citizens and businesses would be constantly monitored, and given a grade on their own trustworthiness, and positive impact on society. Chinese citizens can decrease their overall score, by doing things as simple as playing loud music, eating on public transport, jaywalking, or incorrectly recycling. Low credit scores, can lead to citizens being denied access to both rail, and airline services, their children are in some cases excluded from education institutions, and certain private information is deliberately made accessible to the public. Citizens with low credit scores, usually have to wait between 2-5 years, to be removed from the blacklist, but this can be accelerated, by doing things like volunteering, donating blood, or publicly praising the government online. On the other hand, citizens with a high credit score, have an easier time finding employment, and in some cases, receive priority treatment at government agencies and hospitals. Critics of the system point to its obvious infringements on basic human rights, while supporters of China's social credit system, are just trying to grind enough experience, to get some of their basic human rights back. With this in mind, there's a good case to be made, to ban artificial intelligence from making important decisions, that have such huge lasting impacts over people's lives. Artificial intelligence allowing vehicles to be safer, or to more accurately diagnose patients, could undoubtedly save millions going into the future, but granting an algorithm the ability to choose who it should lift out of poverty, or who should be accepted asylum from a war-torn nation, is serious cause for concern for experts in the field of ethics. The European Union does however, want to make specific exceptions for fighting serious crime, like murder or terrorism, however, said its usage would need to be strictly limited to certain time frames and areas of interest. National authorities would not be able to use such technology at their own discretion. The United States on the other hand, is likely to take a looser stance on the issue, with many large tech companies having a vested interest in more open laws for artificial intelligence. It is unclear if social media sites will come under scrutiny with the proposed laws, as the stated goal specifically mentions the ability to manipulate a person's opinions or decisions. We now check in with the Myanmar coup, best known for its start on February 1st, when a military convoy drove straight past this woman dancing in the street. Viewers will of course remember how following the military factions overwhelming unpopularity in the most recent election, they decided to double down on their poor public opinion and take the entire country by force. This started a protest movement which still persists three months after the coup. According to some sources, as many as 700 civilians have been killed by the military as of time of writing, and our source from inside the country, claims that over 100,000 people have been displaced, while another 200 people have been declared missing. Despite these losses, the civilian disobedience movement is still a strong presence within the country, and many still risk their own lives simply by making a statement that the illegitimate rulers of the nation don't represent their best interests. The forced takeover hasn't been all bad, as the sheer dissatisfaction of the new leadership has united Myanmar's ethnic and religious groups to work together, making the decision that they would rather fight as free men and women than live, if a bit more comfortably, under the kinds of people who are willing to shoot indiscriminately into a crowd. An unfortunate reality on the ground in Myanmar is that many of the victims of military shootings are uncomfortably young. Teenagers and young adults, not usually politically active, have been some of the most involved members of the movement, and in some cases, have been on the very front line of resistance efforts. These have evolved from peaceful protests to full scale labor strikes, then to physical retaliation with crude projectile weapons, before in some cases, using very rudimentary firearms. Coordinated attacks on supply depots, or other strategically important locations have become more common, and with the killing of several military personnel this month, many commentators argue that Myanmar has now entered a civil war. Our sources inside the country have told us it's been particularly difficult to keep a consistent timeline of events, which is unsurprising given the internet blackout. Regardless of these obstacles, they were confident in reports of a 90 person massacre in the town of Begoh on the 9th of April, which is unfortunately only one of many since the coup began in February. Our sources also tell us that there are only a handful of groups within the country who are equipped to fight the military on anything close to equal terms. These being the Kachin Independence Army and the Karen National Liberation Arm, who as of time of writing, are the two most active resistance groups within the nation. Actual firepower on the other hand, is not stacked in their favor, and there are reports of the military air striking civilians, killing children as young as 7 years old. When we asked for a comment from our contact residing in the city of Yagan, this is what they said. In my personal opinion, our people are keeping their hopes high, despite knowing the risks and consequences, how much the ethnic villagers are suffering, and the ever dreadful possibility of full blown civil war, but we are willing to go down that path for freedom. More military soldiers are deserting, revealing they have low morale, and some thousands do not even know how to shoot. Civil war is the last thing I want my country to be in, but if it does happen, we will win. We must win. Watching a democratic country be overthrown and descend into chaos this quickly makes the entire situation even more tragic. Even as an imperfect country, January was like any other month for the people of Myanmar, and now citizens young and old will continue to lose their lives, because some chuckle fuck and a stupid hat couldn't accept their own glaring unpopularity. Unfortunately, we expect this story to be a staple of the series for many months to come. At the same time, a helicopter takes flight on the surface of Mars, Vladimir Putin is voted sexiest man in Russia, China crowd sources its secret police, and this video is abso-fucking-lutely getting demonetized. With another month of news concluded, I'd once again like to make some announcements. With Krusty the editor speedrunning his last university assignments, you'll notice that regular news this month was filled in by long time legend Smurfson. However, as of the month of May, the poor bastard will be busier than ever. Something I perhaps didn't expect when we expanded the team a few months ago was how god damn passionate and good at the job they'd be. This, along with YouTube going through yet another aggressive anti-news phase, has prompted us to expand our horizons. Starting in around a week, we are going to be launching a monthly history series, because as we all know, history is just news that's too old to be called old news. Provided the pilot video doesn't fucking bomb, we hope to make it a permanent addition to the channel, in the quest to maybe one day, get something that even resembles a consistent upload schedule. As always, links to support the channel or follow members of the team are in the description. With this out of the way, and another month over, we'd like to wish all viewers, a happy May of 2021.