This video was made possible by 458 Patreon supporters and by our proud sponsor, Surfshark VPN. It has become abundantly clear that we are now living through a major event in the pages of history. Those who look back will remember our time for its rapid globalization, the rise in automation, and for a crisis that left the entire world in a state of paralysis. Everywhere we look is more information on an outbreak that seems to overshadow all else in the world, and oftentimes significant events are being overlooked and truly terrifying realities are materializing while the eyes of the world are occupied. Let's explore the hidden side of this brave new world. A story that was mostly unreported at the very end of March was an incident between a German-owned cruise ship and a Venezuelan navy vessel roughly 13 nautical miles from Isla de Tortuga in the Caribbean Sea. The cruise ship, which had no passengers at the time, was ordered to follow the warship after its presence was determined to be suspicious just past midnight on the 30th of March. As the cruise ship was in international waters at the time, the navigator wanted to reconfirm the request of the Venezuelan navy as it would be a serious deviation from its scheduled route. While in contact with the navy ship, small arms were fired at the cruise liner before it was purposely rammed in an attempt to divert the vessel into Venezuelan territorial waters. Unfortunately for the Venezuelan navy, the cruise ship was designed to operate in arctic conditions and had therefore been equipped with a reinforced hull. The cruise ship only received minor damage while the navy vessel immediately started taking in water from the impact. No casualties were suffered from the incident, but the navy ship was forced to return to land. Imagine fighting an unarmed civilian ship and fucking losing. The Venezuelan president and longtime favorite of the channel, Uncle Roscoe, accused the captain of the cruise ship of terrorism and piracy, which puts him right into the spotlight for the next story. Viewers may remember, at the very end of 2018, Uncle Roscoe was asked to step down as president after widespread accusations of election tampering. After a failed coup by his handsome competitor, with the strongest jawline in South America, the United States, along with a multitude of other nations have refused to acknowledge his presidency, which leads us to just days before the maritime incident occurred. In a highly unusual turn of events, US federal prosecutors have accused the Venezuelan president of participating in a narcotic terrorism conspiracy, going back several decades. Uncle Roscoe has been accused of exporting hundreds of tons of illicit substances into the United States, and the State Department has even announced a $15 million reward for information leading to his arrest. It is without a doubt that the Venezuelan leader has at the very least been involved in a multitude of corruption cases within the country, as the nation has been blessed with one of the largest treasure troves of natural resources in the world, yet has fallen into what's been described as one of the worst political and economic crisis in modern history. It is unclear when the situation in Venezuela will improve, and many experts are wondering whether the ever-mounting pressure by the United States will only make the Venezuelan president more desperately cling to his obviously corrupt position of power. Meanwhile, five people are murdered in Russia after using their outside voices in an outside setting, alcohol sales increase 55% in a single week, and the country of Chad has agreed to repay its $100 million debt to Angola, entirely with cattle. The Chinese Communist Party will be introducing a new law designed to limit contact with those outside of the nation. The decision comes after the country banned the newest Animal Crossing game entirely after it was found that pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong were using the game to host virtual protests during the current restrictions on large gatherings. The government has been alerted of what they call an authority vacua in online multiplayer games, where what can be said is often impossible to censor. Along with restricting players from interacting with those outside of the country, all online games will need to be screened, and players will soon be required to use their legal name in-game, as opposed to a traditional username. New laws will also restrict content that features zombies and plagues, role-playing, map editing, as well as organizing unions through video games. These all come after similar laws that have imposed a gaming curfew for children and young people, as well as a limit on the amount of money citizens are allowed to spend on games. Let's talk about oil. In March of this year, the second and third largest oil producers in the world, Saudi Arabia and Russia, commenced a trade war after the pair refused to decrease production, in response to the world essentially shutting down. Due to the enormous expense to stop production, and the supply greatly exceeding the demand, oil prices across the globe dropped to the lowest they've been in nearly two decades. In some areas, the cost of oil even fell into the negative, with oil producers actually paying their customers as much as $36 a barrel to take the commodity off of their hands, due to it being cheaper than finding storage solutions. This truly is a strange timeline. In times of crisis, emergency power is often given to governments in order to more effectively tackle the problem at hand. However, quite often, this power is given with very little debate, and without limitation on how long those wielding it can continue to do so. It's universally agreed that a time like this demands decisive and unencumbered action, but already, we can see a multitude of leaders using this as an excuse to expand their own power. As the saying goes, never let a good crisis go to waste. In South Korea, government agencies have harnessed surveillance camera footage, smartphone location data, and credit card purchase records to trace citizens and establish virus transmission chains. The nation, which has been praised for being incredibly effective at handling the health crisis, has also been criticized for what many consider to be a gross violation of privacy. In Israel, the Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, has ordered the closure of the nation's courts, which has delayed his scheduled appearance to face corruption charges. As a result, thousands of protesters, gathered in the city of Tel Aviv, upholding the health ministry's rules allowing public protests, with those participating standing 2 meters apart. The Philippines, on the other hand, approved its president nearly 5 and a half billion dollars to deal with the crisis, but not before initially rejecting a proposal which would grant him the power to take over privately owned businesses at will. In Bolivia, the upcoming presidential election, scheduled for early May, has been postponed, leaving the nation without an officially elected government since November last year. Hungary on the other hand, has passed a new law that would allow its prime minister to completely sidestep parliament and suspend existing laws altogether, further eroding the trust between citizens and the Hungarian government. Even nations that are rooted in the ideas of democracy haven't been safe from the sweeping power shift, with lawmakers from both the United Kingdom and the United States pushing for powers which would allow them to detain people indefinitely without trial. Human rights groups have warned that in times of calamity, it can be all too easy to find ourselves in a perpetual state of emergency, and experts in the field of law making know all too well that it is much harder to deconstruct emergency powers than it is to pass them into law. Meanwhile, a 30 year old still has a job, wealthy Americans retreat to middle earth, and astronauts return to a very different planet after 200 days in space. United States democratic candidate, Bernie Sanders, has dropped out of the 2020 race for presidency, setting up a general election between the Republican president Donald Trump, and democratic former vice president, Joe Biden. Trying to find policy comparisons between the two candidates proved much harder than anticipated, as often the sites found were outdated, showed clear signs of bias, or failed to mention policy at all. After 4 hours, I eventually turned to a helpful viewer with a bachelor's degree in political science, who helped compile a policy comparison on the top 7 most important issues to American voters. Viewers should keep in mind that due to the nature of the race, the two candidates often don't expressly commit to concrete positions, and therefore, much of the following information is drawn from previous stances. The swag news team did its very best to remove bias from this analysis, but we understand that this topic makes people fundamentally very angry, so in order to give viewers time to mentally prepare, here's our proud sponsor to distract you from the cruel realities of the world. If you own something with a screen, short of a gameboy color in the current year, then you'll probably know that privacy is quickly becoming a thing of the past. Very luckily, Surfshark VPN will let you stay completely anonymous online, by allowing you to appear in any country of your choosing. Retaining any semblance of privacy in this ever connected world is cool, but watching the critically acclaimed, region locked, shark boy and lava girl on Netflix, will propel you to more respect among your peers, than getting to prestige 10 on Modern Warfare 2. Most people don't realize that the fucking Cayman Islands get access to more Netflix content than most of Europe, making it a haven for both tax evasion, and the quality TV shows that you won't be able to watch without a VPN. Signing up with the code on screen will get you a batshit crazy 83% off, and an extra month free of cost. If you decide you don't need a VPN like Surfshark, you can cancel your subscription in the first 30 days, and get your money back, without ever losing a dime. Surfshark VPN, it's cheaper than the other ones. Back to the shit show. In terms of healthcare, Mr. Trump has historically advocated for less government intervention, with early efforts focused on removing the requirements of large companies to provide health insurance, and lifting restrictions preventing insurers from charging more for pre-existing conditions. These efforts did not pass into law, but Mr. Trump has maintained ongoing criticism of the Affordable Care Act, which has been in place since before he took office. Biden's policies aren't necessarily adding much new in terms of healthcare, but is instead focused on expanding the coverage of the current system, with an end goal to provide every citizen with affordable health insurance. Both candidates have advocated for lowering the cost of pharmaceutical drugs, with Mr. Trump pushing for increased transparency, and Mr. Biden pushing to directly link prices to typically cheaper rates paid by other nations. In terms of national security, Mr. Trump has had an isolationist stance, which has moved away from a handful of key allies, in what he describes as an America first policy. The president has received criticism from his decision to pull US forces out of Syria in 2019, which left the Middle Eastern nation with a much heavier Russian influence. Mr. Trump has not made any specific comments or promises on his plans for national security upon re-election. Joe Biden's goals are to instead increase American involvement abroad, and essentially build up the relationships that he views as being neglected under the Trump presidency. On the topic of gun policy, Mr. Trump has remained an advocate of gun rights, and excluding a ban on bump stocks, he has not passed any laws that call for background checks or limitations on gun ownership. The president has not given any indication of his second term plans upon re-election. Mr. Biden on the other hand, has been in favor of a national firearms registry, universal background checks, and a voluntary buyback program for assault weapons. In terms of education, Mr. Trump has championed for support of private schools across the country, with tax incentives being granted to individuals who donate to these institutions. He has also been in favor of limiting the amount of money that students are able to borrow for educational loans, in an attempt to reduce student debt. In contrast, Mr. Biden has expressed more support for public schools, and has suggested that the first two years of university, in community or technical colleges, should be free. But we now move on to immigration, which has been a primary concern of the president since 2016. Since taking office, Mr. Trump has passed a number of executive orders to limit immigration into the United States, and has increased funding for the construction of detainment facilities for unlawful immigrants. The president's most famous stance was a commitment to build a border wall on the US-Mexican border, however, this issue has taken a back seat since funding disputes led to a 35-day government shutdown at the start of 2019. Biden's stance on immigration has been less intensive, and although he wants to leave the current illegal entry statute in place, he has expressed his intention to streamline the process to immigrate legally. Next up is the economy, which has been at the forefront of the Trump presidency. Since stepping into office in 2017, the United States has enjoyed low unemployment and good GDP growth, however, there is often a disagreement on whether this is down to his own policies, or those made under the previous administration. The president has famously scaled back regulations and limitations for a multitude of industries, at the obvious cost of oversight and accountability. Biden, on the other hand, has expressed a larger focus on workers themselves, with a proposal to double the minimum wage to $15 an hour, and push for higher union participation. The last topic is climate change, which Mr. Trump has historically called a hoax. The president has committed to lifting a multitude of restrictions on offshore oil and gas drilling, financed coal and fossil fuel energy projects, and famously pulled out of the Paris Climate Agreement, which he viewed as unfair to the United States. Joe Biden conversely, is a firm believer in climate change, and has the aim of making the United States achieve net zero emissions within 30 years. Upon election, he plans to tax carbon emissions, end new oil and gas leases for offshore drilling, and increase support for the development of nuclear power. This comparison is of course extremely simplified, and it's impossible to break down such a complex topic in such a limited amount of time, however, to the best of our abilities, these are the current stances on the listed issues. In technology, since most of the world has recently been relegated indoors, it's no surprise that video conferencing apps have seen a massive spike in popularity, however, this hasn't been without its challenges. Popular video conferencing app, Zoom, has been outright banned by a large number of companies and government agencies around the globe, on security grounds, including Google, NASA, every single government agency in Taiwan, and SpaceX. Zoom has seen widespread criticism for its lack of end to end encryption, and accusations of selling user data, but the most common complaint, has been cases of meetings, getting unexpected visitors. Unlike many of its competitors, Zoom simplifies its connection process, with users only needing a unique meeting link to join a video session. As many have predicted, this opens up the possibility for pranksters to get lucky with the unique meeting links, or for students to share their classroom codes on their favorite discord servers. These are strange times indeed. In entertainment, Netflix stock has hit an all time high this month, as US viewership of internet video rises by over 100%, compared to the same time last year. Surprised Pikachu face, meanwhile, production on the upcoming Batman movie has shut down indefinitely, Louisiana police apologize after using the purge siren to signal curfew times, and John Kranzke sends news without the bullshit stocks into an all time low. In gaming, the cancellation of E3 2020 has resulted in many of the more prominent publishers, including Microsoft, Devolver Digital, and Ubisoft, considering direct to consumer online presentations. Preparations for an online replacement of E3 this year is reportedly in the works, however, no further information is available at this time. The upcoming Counter Strike competitor, Valorant, has received criticism this month, after it was found that its anti-cheat software not only launches upon the startup of a player's PC, but also runs with higher privileges than most of its counterparts. This of course sparked concern among players, as not only could this be perceived as a security and privacy risk, but the publisher behind Valorant is majorly owned by the Chinese conglomerate, Tencent, an entity that has its fair share of critics in terms of ethical business practices. A representative on the Valorant team was quick to assure players that the software, in no way, collects user information, and that the higher permissions are to solely ensure that hackers cannot ruin the experience of the yet to be released game. Riot Games doubled down on the quality of their anti-cheat, as they later announced a reward of $100,000 for anyone who could find vulnerabilities in their system. The developers themselves seem to simply be doing all they can to capture the wildly successful Counter Strike market, with no expense being spared to ensure the successful launch of what may well be the biggest game in esports this decade. Valorant is still yet to receive an official release date. Meanwhile, Sony shows off a PlayStation 5 controller, the developers of Borderlands 3 get cheated out of their bonuses, and No Man's Sky gets a Titanfall update. Games released this month include XCOM Chimera Squad, Gears Tactics, and The Inner Friend. Upcoming games for May include Minecraft Dungeons, Saints Row the Third Remastered, and the Bioshock Collection for Switch. This has been the news for this month. As you can probably tell, this series has been evolving incredibly quickly, as since January, it went from being a one-man show, into a small team that is able to support multiple entries with a much higher production value. Recent sponsorship have certainly facilitated this improvement, but this shouldn't detract from the huge amount of support derived from Patreon supporters. A special video for these supporters is currently in the works, but this is unlikely to be released until at least another month. One of our most frequent requests is to include a list of sources used in the description, but unfortunately, the description box is unable to fit multi-page word counts. To those who want the sources used in this video, or any other news video released this year, this can be found in the pinned comment below the video in question. At the moment, the biggest challenge seems to lie with the YouTube algorithm itself, which often fails to recommend the series for some of its heavier topics. As frustrating as this is, the team would like to thank viewers who share the news with their friends, family, or random strangers at the bus stop. We will continue to do our best to make news the best it can be, but until next time, stay safe and embrace the bullshit.