This month, the United States went through another election cycle, with the midterm elections once again, throwing the balance of power into the air. All 435 seats in the House of Representatives, and around a third of the 100 spots in the Senate, were up for the taking. The midterms mark the middle point of a president's term in office, and although the executive position isn't up for contention, the results can often amplify or hamstring the president's effective power. In almost all cases, the midterms tend to see a decline in support for the sitting president, usually making it harder to enact laws in the second half of a president's time in office. The results of this year's midterms are somewhat strange to say the least, and the winners of the day will likely depend on a person's point of view. Democrats went into this election cycle with control of the House and the Senate, and although they came out losing the House to their Republican counterparts, they were able to hold on to the Senate by the absolute skin of their teeth. The reason these results were seen to be strange was that leading up to the vote, experts generally predicted a red wave would occur, meaning Republicans would convincingly sweep both the House and the Senate. Joe Biden already had poor approval ratings, and with the economy at the top of the list for voter concerns, an 8% inflation rate was sure to give Republicans a clear victory. According to a market research firm, this better than expected result for Democrats was down to a few key factors. Firstly, although the cost of living has undoubtedly increased, growth has continued, and unemployment within the country generally remains low. The firm also described a phenomenon in which Democratic candidates often didn't need to address economic concerns at all, as Republican candidates were often more focused on more niche issues, such as immigration, abortion, and in some cases, the argument that former President Trump never lost the 2020 election. According to numerous polls compiled by Poynter.org, around 70% of Republicans believe that Joe Biden wasn't legitimately elected, and although the support for this rhetoric tends to gain a lot of support among Republicans, it tended to be much less effective for independent voters, who are the ones who determine elections. Another factor for the midterm election was a particularly active younger generation, who are generally much more likely to vote for Democratic candidates. As one political scientist explained, the overturning of abortion laws in June of this year was a particularly important issue for Gen Z, spurring many to show up to the polls. With the benefit of hindsight, some commenters believe that this younger voting bloc may have been overlooked in initial polling, as they generally engage less with traditional forms of media. The midterm elections may act as a wake-up call for all political candidates within the United States, as with a huge number of potential voters aging into adulthood, this younger bloc may well determine the future of the nation. This month also saw former President Donald Trump announce his re-election campaign for 2024, which was met by mixed enthusiasm. Generally seen as something of a kingmaker among the Republican Party, the midterm election results have become a time of reflection among Republicans on whether Mr. Trump can pull off a second win. While undoubtedly incredibly popular among his supporters, some Republicans have argued that he may be too divisive for those outside of the party, and when US elections tend to come down to changing the minds of a small number of unaffiliated citizens, a more universal appeal proves to be very advantageous. The strategy to appeal to a growing demographic, the leadership of the Republican Party, and the issues which will define the next election are all questions we'll likely have to wait another two years to answer, but until then, with a Democratic-owned Senate and a Republican-dominated House, we should probably expect the US government to be slightly less productive than usual. We now come to the nation of Iran, which is still in a state of unrest following the death of 22-year-old Masa Romani at the hands of state morality police in the middle of September. Anti-government demonstrations have now spread to all corners of the country, with those involved calling for the dismantlement of the Islamic Republic of Iran, the protection of civil rights, and the abolishing of mandatory religious laws. The classification for the unrest still remains difficult to quantify, as while some academics describe the situation as a widespread protest, others have classified the movement as the start of a revolution. This may explain the increased crackdown measures in recent weeks against anti-government demonstrators. Government-imposed internet blackouts have made it particularly difficult to verify information within the country, however, UN estimates place the death toll for the protest movement at around 300, including more than 40 children. It should be mentioned that this figure was the lowest we could find, as other groups have placed the total death count at more than double. Much like your shitty Widowmaker on Overwatch 2, the Iranian government has blamed everyone, from the US government to the fucking Tooth Fairy, for having a role in stirring up the protest movement. Although the United States isn't exactly above couping countries for their own benefit, the true lengths of the Iranian government to make themselves so prodigiously dislikeable is deserving of credit. Iranian leadership has also targeted the nation's minority Kurdish population, which not only includes gunning down civilians within the nation, but also bombing Kurdish opposition groups in exile within neighboring Iraq. Members of the rebel group, the Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan, claimed that they were hit by both drone strikes and surface-to-surface missiles, and asserted that refugee camps and a hospital were also attacked. Exact details from an opposition rebel group tend to be hard to verify, however likewise, the Iranian government has not provided any evidence that Kurdish opposition groups have incited protests. The group itself says that it supports the movement, but has denied that it had sent any weapons or fighters into the country, arguing that the policies of Iranian leadership have done more to stoke discontent than they ever could. A senior official in the group would state that they've moved fighters away from the border of Iran to avoid giving the country another excuse to attack. With the death toll rising to its current level, the protest movement is now the deadliest the nation has experienced in the last two years. We now turn to a story which was so turbulent and ever-changing that Jake the analyst rewrote the piece four separate times before I would rewrite it for a fifth. On the 28th of October, Elon Musk, the richest person in the world, would complete his purchase of Twitter for 43 billion US dollars, a roughly 38% markup from its original value. The purchase was around six months in the making, and with shareholders well compensated, Elon would assume complete and unfettered control over the company. If he wanted to institute a mandatory pink tie uniform, change the logo to a picture of his face, and make the app only scroll sideways, he would be well within his right to do so. To say Mr Musk had a transformative approach to his leadership style would be putting it lightly, as after taking ownership, he would fire the CEO, dissolve the board of directors, and as of time of writing, either let go or see the departure of 66% of its entire workforce. The first round of firings would come under legal scrutiny by California authorities, as the terminations did not allow enough notice about potential mass layoffs. A week after this initial wave, Mr Musk would send letters to his remaining employees, asking them to either commit to longer working hours, or to resign and leave with severance pay. This would also lead to some legal complications, as having an employee technically resign can deprive them of both unemployment benefits, and any standing in a wrongful termination case. Motivation to buy Twitter for Mr Musk has certainly puzzled many, as with his peerless wealth, and undoubtedly limitless connections, it stands to reason that there would be better ways to invest 43 billion dollars if revenue was the main driving factor. The unconventional billionaire has stated that he bought Twitter to quote, help humanity, and to shape the platform as the world's digital town square, where a wide range of beliefs can be debated in a healthy manner. Musk has previously described himself as a free speech absolutist, meaning he opposes anyone placing restrictions on free speech. This in itself can be seen as a noble goal for his envisioned global town square, however, the philosophy behind free speech on social media platforms has become a hotly debated topic in and of itself. In almost all circumstances, it's generally accepted that people should be able to say anything they please, but it's fringe cases that prove to be harder to judge. Misinformation has proved to be legitimately damaging without checks to curtail its spread, a trend which has been proven with bullshit cures for COVID 19, or even cases of mob violence outright killing people on the back of false information spread online. The most common solution to this problem is to have professional fact checkers for these sites, who are able to identify and flag such posts which are deemed as misleading or untrue, however, this comes with further problems. Fact checkers, however independent, can be perceived to be supporting particular groups or motives, and when this is the case, their entire purpose can become entirely irrelevant. People also tend to become suspicious of profit driven companies, being the arbiters of truth, which isn't exactly an unreasonable concern. Striking a balance between letting people say what they want, while minimizing the potential damage from restriction, is not only important from a user point of view, but also for Twitter advertisers. Twitter's business model sees advertisers make up 90% of the company's revenue, and many of these brands have had their own stance on the recent purchase. Within the first week of buying Twitter, Mr Musk tweeted about a conspiracy theory around the attack on the husband of US Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi, tweeted a meme featuring an old time German man in a silly German uniform, and showed open support for Republicans in the US midterm elections. While memes, overt political support, and a since deleted conspiracy theory could be shrugged off by most brands, follow up announcements would prove to cross the line of brand safety. Shortly after the acquisition was finalized, Mr Musk would unveil a new revenue stream for the platform, which took the shape of an $8 monthly subscription. The subscription would include features such as halving the number of ads and the ability to edit tweets after posting, but it would also allow users to verify themselves with a blue check mark, a feature which was previously reserved for public figures who were at risk of impersonation. With this in mind, it didn't take pranksters long to realize that for $8, they could change their name to any public figure or brand in the world, and appear just as legitimate as a real thing. In one incident, a user impersonating aerospace and weapons company, Lockheed Martin, tweeted that the company would be halting all weapons sales to Saudi Arabia, Israel, and the United States, due to human rights violations. On another occasion, a fake account impersonating pharmaceutical company, Eli Lilly, announced that it would be making insulin free for its customers. Both companies suffered sharp stock drops before recovering gradually over the remainder of the month. Needless to say, the verification process would be altered following these incidents. The tenure of Mr Musk would also see the reinstatement of a number of previously banged public figures who had been kicked from the platform for past policy violations. The most significant of which was none other than 45th US President, Donald Trump, who was removed at the start of 2021 following the January 6th incident. Whether Mr Trump should be held accountable for the actions of those present, or whether it was within Twitter's rights to suspend a sitting president, are questions for another day, but having one of the biggest Twitter accounts reinstated after nearly two years is a pretty big deal for the platform. Mr Trump himself would praise Elon Musk for his stewardship of the platform, but would state that he would be remaining on his own social media site, Truth Social. According to non-profit Media Matters, around half of the top 100 Twitter advertisers have suspended operations on Twitter, either publicly or otherwise. When trying to verify the validity of this claim, an independent fact-checking website branded the organization as firmly left-leaning, but stated that they hadn't failed a single fact-check in the last five years. Viewers can take that information as they please. In the initial stage of the acquisition negotiation, Musk would detail his master plan for the future of the platform, in which he intends to quadruple revenue by 2028, reduce Twitter's reliance on advertising to less than 50%, and introduce a payments feature, which is hoped to generate another 1.3 billion a year within five years. Part of this plan has been to drastically cut employees and restart the scale-up process, but it also relies on growing the platform to four times its current size within the next six years. Assuming all of these goals can be met, the initial investment would be worth the premium placed on sole ownership, however, this is assuming these very ambitious milestones can indeed be achieved. Near the end of the month, Elon Musk would put out a call for someone to replace him as CEO of the company, presumably to allow more time for his numerous other businesses. As always, a link to our long list of sources is available in the description. In the span of a single week, starting early in November, one of the biggest and most reputable crypto exchange platforms in the industry, FTX, became completely insolvent, being unable to pay its debt owed to investors. Unless you're a finance bro, accustomed to dumping your life savings into hail-mary call options, this story will likely make very little sense, and after spending several hours trying to understand this shit for myself, we'll endeavor to make it as simple as possible. Arguably the protagonist of this story is a man named Sam Bankman Fried, a 30-year-old American entrepreneur and one of the world's youngest billionaires. In 2017, Fried founded a quantitative trading firm called Alameda Research, before later founding the FTX trading platform in 2019. Due to some aggressive acquisitions and an intense marketing campaign involving a shit-ton of celebrity endorsements, FTX would grow to 300 employees and have an annual net revenue of nearly 400 million in only three years. Shortly after the company was founded, it started offering its own digital currency in the form of FTT tokens, essentially allowing the company to make itself billions out of thin air. Mr. Fried would then use a large portion of these tokens to prop up his other company, Alameda Research, something which is very much less than legal. Alameda Research's balance sheets were subsequently leaked to the public and showed that should the value of these FTT tokens sharply decrease, the company would be at risk of insolvency. Recognizing this precarious position, the CEO of Binance, a fierce competitor of FTX, would announce that it planned to sell all of its acquired FTT tokens. As the connection between Alameda Research and FTX wasn't well-defined, this would spook other investors away from the platform, creating a rush to draw assets away from FTX. Having a handful of investors leave the platform usually wouldn't be a problem, however, since so many people tried to leave at the same time, the value of the company's FTT token plummeted, meaning they were no longer able to pay back many who had invested in the platform. Initial investigations found that FTX and Alameda Research had extremely lackluster financial documentation, and the collapse of the exchange has caused even some of the most high-profile cryptocurrencies to drop in value. Mr. Fried's fortune was estimated to drop a staggering 94% in just a single day, after which the Bloomberg Billionaires Index considered the former billionaire to have no material wealth. Following the collapse of FTX, Fried would put his penthouse in the Bahamas up for sale for $40 million, and although we don't expect anyone watching to be able to afford such a residence, viewers who might want to appear in a tropical archipelago may be interested in today's sponsor. If this increasingly ever-connected world is making you nervous and you're looking for a greater sense of control, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN allows users to appear anywhere in the world with the push of a button, meaning not only will this provide another blanket of privacy, but it will also let you watch Netflix content, usually unavailable in your country. Gone are the days of watching a 180p version of Breaking Bad that a guy from school gave you on a scuffed-up USB. Simply change your location to wherever you'd like, and immediately get access to thousands of new shows and movies at your fingertips. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 85% discount, 3 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN, it's cheaper than the other ones. The last days of October saw two distinct tragedies with intuition nations occur one day after another, and as we didn't have time to cover them last month, we'll be covering them now. On 29th October, South Korean party goers in the Itaewon neighborhood of Seoul would experience a crowd crush, which would go on to kill 158 people. A crowd crush occurs when a mass of people are packed too densely into a single area, which can cause people to be trampled or unable to breathe. A particularly disheartening aspect of South Korea's crowd crush is that its law enforcement is highly trained in crowd management. However, on the night of the incident, 4700 of these officers were busy managing an anti-government protest only miles away from the tragedy. Only 137 officers were deployed to the event of more than 130,000, over a third of which were dedicated narcotics officers. Additionally, requests for more officers to the area were met with lackluster response times, while medics and rescuers would struggle to make their way onto the scene. Many within Korea have come to blame the government as having failed these party-goers in the wake of this tragedy, and the Halloween crowd crush comes just 8 years after a ferry-carrying high school student sank in the northwest of the country, killing over 300 people. The nation's younger generations especially have become particularly discontent with these preventable disasters, as much like the ferry sinking, the October's crowd crush saw the deaths of mostly young adults. Previous disasters in the 1990s were often met with an appeal to look past these oversights in the name of civic duty and patriotism in the face of miraculous economic growth. However, it seems as if this perceived lack of accountability has not allowed this rhetoric to remain quite as effective in the present year. Moving on to the second tragedy of October, and a hanging bridge in the Indian city of Morbi, collapsed on 30 October, killing 141 people. The colonial-era suspension bridge had previously been closed for the past seven months for repairs and maintenance, before collapsing entirely just four days after it was reopened to the public. The company contracted to make the repairs, or EVA, was best known for making clocks and other electrical appliances, and did not have qualified engineers working on the repairs. The repairs included replacing the wooden flooring with aluminium plates, and although more sturdy, it was suspected that the added weight was not factored into the upgrade process. Not only this, but the company also failed to replace a rusted cable during the seven months' repairs, and opened the bridge to the public an entire month before initially scheduled. Or EVA recently won a 15-year contract to operate the bridge, including the right to sell tickets, a factor which was clearly abused by the company. Although the structure was only rated for 125 people, it was reported to have been used by over 500 at the time of the collapse. Both instances witnessed in India and South Korea have been accused of falling victim to a profit over safety culture, however, only time will tell if any lessons will be learned from nearly 300 lives lost. Meanwhile, the state of Tennessee finally banned slavery, a dog runs through a Mexican town carrying a human head, and a Norwegian princess relinquishes her royal duties to be with a self-described shaman from California. We now come to Afghanistan, a country which is the equivalent of letting a troubled five-year-old place in city on hard mode. It's now been 15 months since the Taliban took control of the country, and November has seen the hard-working militant organization implement new and exciting ways to make life within the nation as miserable as possible. Supreme Leader of Afghanistan, Habedatullah Rakhinzata, has ordered judges to enforce some of the more extreme aspects of Islamic law this month, which includes the use of stonings, public executions, and the amputation of limbs for thieves. After taking over in August last year, the Taliban promised that their rule was to be softer than their previous time and power, but experts within the SWAG news team are starting to suspect that this group of extremely violent religious fundamentalists probably aren't to be trusted. Crimes mentioned in the new decree include the standard fare of kidnapping, murder, and highway robbery, but also include the spicy add-ons such as rebellion, adultery, and drinking alcohol. Afghanistan also went through with another controversial nerf for women this month, banning all women from entering Kabul's public parks, gyms, and public baths. A Taliban spokesperson would explain the ban, stating that despite their best efforts to provide an environment within parks and carnivals that would be compatible with Islamic law, women often didn't follow decency laws, leading to the decision to ban them from these areas altogether. A co-founder of an amusement park in Kabul shared his concern for the new laws, stating that without women, the park which employs 250 locals might be forced to close. He would also go on to say that such proclamations would discourage investment by foreigners. However, when considering that not a single country on Earth formally recognizes the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, it might already be too late. According to a legal and political analyst, this month's crackdown could be an attempt by the Taliban to harden their reputation, which they fear may not be as strong since their return to power. In a certain sense, this might be one of the funniest stories to come out of this year, as this means that the Taliban are essentially virtue signaling for their fucked up ideology, much like how Neslay will use Twitter to pretend to care about gay people. The Taliban might have killed any hope for a free and democratic Afghanistan, but it seems as if they are still putting in the work to keep comedy alive. We now come to the English motherland for what is likely one of the strangest stories we've ever had the pleasure of covering. On the 8th of November, 23 year old British man, Patrick Thelwell, would make his way through a crowd in the northeast city of York, where newly crowned King Charles III was shaking hands with the public. The man would then unsheathe a fresh carton of eggs from his person before lobbing four of them at his royal majesty. Unfortunately for his runny ambitions, his aim proved to be soft boiled at best, as all four projectiles would miss their intended target. Mr Thelwell would quickly be arrested by nearby authorities, while the crowd would yell phrases such as God save the king, while others would call for him to be executed on the spot. It appeared that others in attendance didn't see the sunny side. Despite the crowd's attempt to poach the man, police would promptly arrest him and keep him caged until later that night. Despite his detention, Mr Thelwell didn't crack under pressure, although he did cite the motive behind his actions. Thelwell explained his opposition of the very idea of a king, nation states, and even borders in general, and reasoned that the king himself is a perfect representation of an oppressive system unlikely to change. As punishment for his crimes against the monarchy, Thelwell has now been banned from coming within 500 meters of his majesty, as well as no longer being allowed to carry eggs in public spaces. With this in mind, an exception has been made in the case of grocery shopping, as the rights for a British citizen to enjoy a hearty English breakfast shall not be infringed. Whether viewers take Patrick Thelwell's comments as the hard-boiled truth, or whether you think his reasoning was scrambled, it's safe to conclude that the UK is a very silly country. We now move on to the biggest shitshow since the Star Wars sequel trilogy, as it's now been nine months since the start of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Starting us off on the 2nd of November, the Black Sea grain deal resumed operation after a five-day blockade was put in place by the Russian military. To quickly summarize, the opening months of the war saw the Russian navy blockade trade droughts along the Black Sea, halting exports of grain to other nations. Ukraine itself is one of the world's biggest exporters of these sources of food, so following pressure by frequent importers such as Egypt, Lebanon, and Tunisia, Russia agreed to suspend its blockade, provided these lanes aren't used for military purposes. The aforementioned suspension of this agreement was triggered when Russia accused Ukraine of using these shipping lanes as a launch site for attack drones aimed at Crimea's Sevastopol seaport. Fortunately, the blockade was lifted following signed assurances from Ukraine, and the deal was even extended for another 120 days. With the global economy still facing challenges from Covid-19, the Black Sea grain deal could quite literally be saving hundreds of thousands of lives. In terms of the actual fighting, Ukrainian forces claimed a major victory this month when they were finally able to retake the city of Khasan, the only regional capital fully held and controlled by Russian troops since the start of the war. On the 11th of November, Russian forces, sensing they could no longer hold on to the region, would swiftly retreat from the city, allowing Ukraine to retake the territory virtually unchallenged. Citizens of the city were seen celebrating following its liberation, while President Vladimir Zelensky would declare the day a major victory in the war and a serious turning point for Ukraine. Khasan itself commands a strong position on Ukraine's eastern border, and its control alone heavily discourages further advances into the western regions of Makhalayev and Odessa. Ukrainian military analyst Al Azdano would speculate that Russia would be heavily invested in retaking the city by any means necessary, as its control allows Ukrainian forces to target key supply routes all over the southern region of the country. The south of Ukraine has long been a stronghold for Russia since the start of the invasion, and the capture of such a key city is excellent news for anyone invested in a Ukrainian victory. With this in mind, the human cost for this war has only been climbing, with the United States estimating a death toll of around 100,000 per side in the conflict, as well as around 40,000 Ukrainian civilians, and around 30 million who have been forced to flee their homes. Despite these estimations, Russia's official death toll for its quote, special military operation, is only around 6000, which leads experts within the SWAG news team to question whether this Vladimir Putin guy is a source to be trusted. Even with a significant Ukrainian victory in the south, it was far from good news for those still living within Ukraine. In a continued effort to destabilize Ukraine's power grid, along with other critical infrastructure, Russia has been shelling the absolute shit out of the country from across the border. This practice was especially brought to international attention when on the 15th of November, a missile landed within the borders of Poland, subsequently killing two civilians. Not only was this an unnecessary loss of life, but it also sparked something of an international incident, as it could be interpreted as Poland being attacked. Since Poland is part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or NATO, it also gets all the perks and benefits of aligning with the group, and these include some pretty significant bonuses. Specifically, article 5 of NATO's treaty has a very explicit rule toward collective defense, meaning any attack on one NATO ally is to be considered a direct attack on all allies within the treaty. However, before Russia was forced to face a gauntlet of 30 very angry foreign militaries, it would be discovered that the missile which landed in Poland was actually a Ukrainian air defense missile, which misfired in an attempt to defend from Russian attacks. Although the situation would eventually cool off following this investigation, it left nations bordering Ukraine even more concerned with their future security. As of time of writing, the Kiel Institute has tracked an estimated 96 billion in Ukrainian aid from 40 separate countries to date, around half of which is humanitarian and financial aid, and around 50% of that total is from the United States. As of the middle of this month, the White House made another request of 38 billion in aid to the nation, enough to fund the entire US military for just over 17 days. As always, a link to all sources used will be in the description. Following something of a trend from October, the nation of Israel held an election on the first of this month, one likely to steer the course of the entire nation. The election was the nation's fifth in just four years, and its results were able to break a long-running political deadlock, which has caused an uncomfortable level of uncertainty within the country. The winner of the election was none other than Benjamin Netanyahu, who was sworn in for an unprecedented sixth term in office. Big Ben has intermittently held office since his first stint as Prime Minister in 1996, though in his younger days, he served in the Israeli special forces and looked suspiciously like the punisher. Mr Netanyahu is something of a divisive figure within Israel, and you'd be hard-pressed to find any politically active citizen without a strong opinion on his leadership. Now the uncontested leader of the Likud party, Netanyahu has been characterized by his sweeping economic reforms, the fortification of Israel's power within the Middle East, and the crippling of the Palestinian state. We previously made an extensive breakdown explaining the relationship between Israel and Palestine, so those who want more explicit context can watch that for themselves, but like your Facebook relationship status in 2010, it's fucking complicated. Critics of Mr Netanyahu have become particularly concerned with this month's election, as much of his success can be attributed to the ultra-nationalist religious Zionism party, a faction that opposes any territorial concessions to Palestine, and in some cases, has called for the annexation of the entire West Bank. To a lesser extent, his victory was also helped by the Osmo-Yudit party, a far-right faction led by the even more controversial, Itamar Ben-Gavir, who recently pulled a gun on a Palestinian man who attacked him with a rock, and who previously hung a portrait of Israeli-American terrorist, Barak Goldstein, in his living room. The recent election has left the nation of Israel with its most right-wing parliament in the country's history, and depending on where a person might sit on the political spectrum, this could mean a lot of things to a lot of people. Any form of government leaning harder in one way or another usually breeds more division within a society, but for a nation like Israel especially, which has a historically shaky relationship with its neighbors, the recent elections have the potential to destabilize the region to an even further extent. In any case, the will of the people of Israel has finally been decided, and after multiple years of exhausting deadlock, many within the country will simply be happy to see a more permanent government in power. The 27th United Nations Climate Change Conference, or COP 27, was held in Egypt this month, which saw representatives from over 200 countries meet to discuss further measures to cut emissions and prepare for the effects of climate change. One of the most notable attendees this year was none other than US President Joe Biden, who some say was around to personally witness pre-industrial temperatures. Speaking at the conference, Brandon didn't mince words describing the severity of climate change, stating, The climate crisis is about human security, economic security, environmental security, national security, and the very life of the planet. Biden would then go on to express confidence that the US would reach its emissions target by 2030, before pledging more support for poorer nations suffering from climate-related disaster such as droughts or flooding. In August this year, the US passed the Inflation Reduction Act, which although criticized for doing fuck all to actually reduce inflation in the short term, is expected to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by the end of this decade. With this in mind, Biden's leadership didn't go without criticism, with the president of the World Resources Institute stating that the United States has been grossly underperforming on its international climate finance commitments. The conference also brought attention to a difficult topic, which is still yet to be resolved, a point often titled, loss and damage. In short, countries especially vulnerable to climate change, notably small island nations, have argued that richer countries should pay for the irreversible damage caused from climate inaction. They argue that many developed nations have grown exceptionally rich from the fossil fuel industry, while other less developed countries have contributed virtually nothing to climate change, while also suffering its harshest consequences. This was the first time this point was put in the COP agenda, although it's currently unclear how such a dispute might be resolved. A recent report by the Global Carbon Project warned that there is a 50% chance the world will soon cross the critical temperature threshold of 1.5 degrees over pre-industrial levels, at which point, shit really starts hitting the fan. At 1.5, extreme heat events would be four times more frequent, and a warmer atmosphere can also lead to more extreme rainfalls, while increased evaporation can result in more intense droughts. This would inevitably affect food production, leading to famine, huge levels of migration, and in the worst cases, some island nations being wiped out completely. It's also feared that melting arctic permafrost could cause long frozen biomass to decompose, releasing even more carbon emissions into the atmosphere, and triggering an irreversible feedback loop of making the planet progressively warmer. The good news is that overall, the world has never been this committed to tackling the effects of climate change, however the bad news is that experts in the field warn that this still isn't nearly enough. According to a recent report by the UN Environment Programme, current pledges would see overall temperatures rise to at least 2.4 degrees over pre-industrial levels, far higher than levels needed to maintain a sense of normalcy for the planet. The world may not turn into a full Mad Max hellscape anytime soon, but that doesn't mean we won't be falling into the dystopian world of cyberpunk without all the cool cybernetics to make it worthwhile. With this month of news concluded, we now move on to our announcements, and it would be an understatement to say that we're not excited. Firstly, after a long process of sorting through nearly a hundred applications, our hunt for a new editor has finally concluded. As you may have noticed from the opening credits, this process eventually led to us taking on two new faces for the role, which will allow us to cut out some bottlenecking issues that sometimes slow down new releases. Our first new hire was Skiptie, a talented editor who also runs a tech channel by the same name, and we expect his specific expertise will be very helpful in the coming months. Our second hire is Cade, something of an editing mercenary who caught our attention with some of the highest quality shitposts we've ever seen. Our mainstay, Krusty the editor, will be taking a step back to work on more long term projects, which will allow us to make more ambitious videos without the need to contend with deadlines and release dates. We hope to be able to start those projects early next year. Moving on, and it's safe to say we left the biggest announcement for last, as over the month of December, we plan to release an entire series that the whole team has been working on since the start of April. This series is by far the most ambitious, expensive, and different from anything we've made before, and we seriously can't wait for people to see it for themselves when we start releasing videos later this week. Viewers who are even half as excited as we are can hit the bell icon to be notified as soon as these videos go live, because believe us when we say the channel will never be the same again. We'd once again like to thank every single Patreon supporter for making this series possible, and if you'd like to support everything we do, a link to throw a few dollars our way will be in the description. On behalf of the entire team, I'd like to wish everyone, a happy December of 2022.