As always, let's get COVID-19 out of the way first. Here are the current number of cases and deaths as of the last day of editing. The top three podium positions have not changed from last month, the wave of infections in Eastern Europe has seen Russia, Poland, and Ukraine suffer an unfortunate spike in cases. Vaccine efforts have been continuing at an increased pace this month, with most notably the United States hitting its 100 million vaccination milestone. If this wasn't unusually positive enough, the World Health Organization's chief scientist also announced that although new COVID variations in the UK and South Africa have proven to be more contagious, they have not been any more resistant to vaccines currently in distribution. The team is currently writing a dedicated COVID-19 myth-busting video that lucks into whether COVID case numbers have been reliable, general misconceptions around the virus, and the interesting history of the 5G-causing COVID conspiracy theory. One story that just missed our cut-off date last month was the Biden administration air-striking a non-governmental militia group in Syria, worrying critics that it may lead to escalated tensions with Iran. To understand why, we first need to understand the concept of a proxy war. Basically, after the Second World War, most nations around the world agreed that fighting full-scale wars was pretty cringe. However, with the rise of nuclear weapons and idealistic tensions between the US and Russia getting mighty heated, they figured out ways to fight each other without actually fighting each other. The Vietnam War is a perfect example of such an occurrence, as despite the United States and the Soviet Union never actually shooting at one another directly, they were supporting opposing sides of the war effort. This is called a proxy war. The whole situation in Syria started when a protest movement sparked a civil war in 2011, which in turn led to a multitude of different nations supporting their favorite side of the conflict, eerily similar to the monkey yacht fight from The Simpsons. With this being said, the whole air strike incident in late February is actually very easy to understand. In retaliation for a rocket strike that killed a US-aligned Filipino mercenary, the Biden administration bombed several strategic border control points in Syria, which killed an estimated 22 militia, including those from the Islamist military group, Hezbollah. Hezbollah is subsequently supported by Iran, which is in turn allied with the Syrian government. However, as the Syrian government is at war with the Free Syrian Army, which is subsequently supported by the Gulf Cooperation Council, which itself is allied with the United States, it all starts to make perfect sense why no one gives a shit about the Syrian war. Here's a very easy to understand chart to help viewers even further. To simplify this clusterfuck even more, the US attacked a secret friend of the Iranian government, which led to Iran denying any involvement with the group, kind of like the Wojak crying behind a mask meme. Some members of Congress have criticized Mr. Biden for an unnecessary use of military force, while others were unhappy that he did not seek congressional approval before ordering the attacks in the first place. Despite supporting opposing sides of the Syrian civil war, the Biden administration has made it clear that it intends to rekindle ties between the United States and Iran. Leaked plans supposedly from members of the President's cabinet suggest that Biden plans to pull out of Afghanistan completely by gradually withdrawing troops out of the now 20 year conflict and allowing Iran to have a more active role in rebuilding Afghanistan. While Iran, much like the United States, has its own issues of cronyism, nepotism, and good old fashioned corruption, it's the hope of many top US officials that the much culturally and geographically closer Iran can more effectively improve the lives of Afghan citizens. It's no secret that the Australian government has developed a reputation for being particularly dysfunctional. The start of last year saw the worst natural disaster in the nation's history, while the Prime Minister took a holiday to Fiji and was later yelled at on national TV by a very angry man from Nelagon. Later that year saw national Covid cases rise 10% after a state premier let the passengers of an infected cruise ship into the most densely populated city on the continent without getting tested. A Trojan horse not even disguised as a Trojan horse. Fast forward to this year and after a dash of sexual harassment and a pinch of technological illiteracy, the great leaders of Australia may have outdone themselves. On the 15th of March, on a vote of 33 to 12, the Australian Senate voted that the treatment of ethnic weagers in the northwest region of the Chinese mainland should not be considered genocide. As we've mentioned countless times before on the series, ethnic weagers are very often forced into re-education camps in China under the pretext of fighting terrorism. Prisoners are often kept in cramped and unsanitary cells, fed an excessive amount of propaganda, and systematically tortured if they step out of line. Inmates are often the victim of medical experiments or forced into slave labour, and females are routinely sterilized so they are no longer able to bear children. An estimated 1 million weagers are said to be in these concentration camps across China, with justification for incarceration being as simple as a person owning a compass, growing a beard, or knowing a person who has in one point in time been outside of China. Understandably, one of the most damaging things you can do to a label like genocide is assign it to a situation where it doesn't apply, however, from every piece of verifiable information we have, it would be dishonest to call the treatment of weager people in the country anything less. Viewers might be inclined to tell Australian parliament staff to go fuck themselves, but as it turned out, they already had. On a side note, although Australia was too afraid of losing its largest trading partner to call them out for committing crimes against humanity, Canada, the United States, and the Netherlands have all assigned China the genocide definition since the start of this year. Coordinated sanction efforts by these nations were announced later in the month, however, they were only imposed on 5 key officials within the Xinjiang region. That story was so dark so forgive us being crude, genocide is cringe hope this jingle lifts your mood. The Greek police force has always had a fair amount of power in Greek society, however, over the past few months, the country has been wrestling with questions of both police brutality and overall police reform. Most recently, proposed laws would allow police officers onto university campuses for the first time in decades, which has left many Greek citizens within the country particularly uneasy. To understand why, we need to wind back the clock. In 1967, a military coup led to a much more nationalistic and authoritarian Greece, which unsurprisingly didn't sit well with students and academics alike. On November 17, 1973, a student occupation of Athens Polytechnic University prompted a crackdown of the military, and after rolling a tank through the front gate, an estimated 24 students were killed. Although this short-lived government would collapse the following year, the anniversary of the massacre would be remembered as a national holiday, and has since then been a date of national protest. Nine years after the incident, a law was passed that made university campuses a place of asylum and designed to protect the right of protest and the freedom of ideas. Police would no longer be able to enter campuses without a serious offense being committed. This came to an end in February this year, when the Greek government reversed the restriction, sparking serious concerns for those with long memories of the past. What made the situation worse were new cases of police brutality were already fresh in the minds of Greek citizens, making it a perfect recipe for unrest. Supporters of the change argue that this long-standing law has made universities a refuge for lawlessness, with the lack of a police presence allowing criminal activity to flourish. Critics on the other hand believe that the job of the police is to support educational institutions by making them safer for students, staff, and academics. Almost immediately after the measures were passed in parliament, protests erupted across the country, and the first violent clashes between protesters and police were reported on February 22 in Thessaloniki, Greek's second-largest city. Protesters armed with petrol bombs, stones, glass bottles, and Molotov cocktails took on the police, who responded with tear gas and stun grenades. Further clashes on March 9 and 10 saw crowds of 5,000 and 6,000 protesters respectively, and with reports of nearly a dozen injured police officers, 16 protesters arrested, and countless more suffering the effects of tear gas, the two sides of the conflict were further from a sense of agreement than ever before. Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis has called for the end of violence within Greece, but when considering the unique history of police brutality within the country, it's unclear how this situation will meet its resolution. The people of Greece might be planning to uphold their proud tradition of fighting each other for a little while longer. One of the most interesting stories we've been closely covering for the past seven months has been that of Alexei Navalny, the Russian opposition leader who was poisoned by a hit squad under the command of Vladimir Putin. Viewers will of course remember how he survived the attack after being flown to a German hospital. Prank called the hit squad who made the attempt on his life, flew back to Russia, where he was immediately arrested, before in February, being sentenced to two and a half years for not dying as intended. There was then a long gap of no contact with Mr. Navalny, until finally, in the middle of this month, his whereabouts were made public. Speaking from an Instagram post, he announced that he was being held in a corrective penal colony in the town of Pokrov, and was now sporting a shaved head from his new prison lifestyle. Speaking about his time in prison, he wrote, I never imagined that it was possible to build a real concentration camp 100 kilometers from Moscow, there are video cameras everywhere, they keep watch on everyone, and make reports for the slightest infractions, I think someone high up has read 1984 by Orwell, but if you regard everything with humor, you can live here. Although Alexei Navalny has not reported any signs of violence within the camps, he has certainly highlighted cause for concern. Prisoners are often reported for the slightest violations, surveillance is ever present, and he even reported, having been woken up every hour, as a prisoner deemed as particularly prone to escape. As this is a simple family show, we'll just call this torture, for what it is. Outside of his cell, police detained roughly 11 and a half thousand pro-Navalny protesters, across the months after his arrest, and both the United States, and the European Union, have imposed sanctions on senior Russian officials. Although the Russian government wholeheartedly denies poisoning Mr Navalny, and even questions whether he was poisoned at all, US intelligence has concluded that the higher ups in Moscow, absolutely did that shit. Surprised pikachu face. Viewers who are worried that a powerful government might be trying to have them assassinated, might be interested in today's sponsor. If you're trying to remain invisible online, or just want to watch region locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN, makes protecting your online privacy, and watching prohibited Netflix shows, as easy as winning a race, against a turtle with no legs, stapled to a tree, and surf shark is so inclusive, that they employ more marine life from the elasmobran kii, subclass of fish, than any of their competitors. Gone are the days, of giving your computer a new and exciting range of viruses, just because you couldn't help, but illegally download a 420p version, of Revenge of the Sith in 2005. Simply change your location to anywhere you like, and appreciate a whole cornucopia of new media to enjoy. Signing up with the code on screen, will give viewers an 83% discount, 3 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied, can back out in the first 30 days, and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN, it's cheaper than the other ones. Meanwhile, 25 Taliban fighters are killed in an avalanche, growing their out of combat casualty figure, to 55 over the past 2 months, and Joe Biden briefly suffers a lag spike, while walking up some stairs, leading Vladimir Putin to challenge him to a live debate. This is certainly ironic from someone who refuses to debate the most popular opposition leader in his own country, but I personally think a 1v1 quickscope match on nuketown, would be far more productive. Historically, whenever a disease has been named after a particular region of the world, such as the Zika virus, or Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, cases of targeted abuse, or even violence towards people associated with these areas, tends to unfortunately trend upwards. This is why, when the World Health Organization was naming the now infamous virus, originating in Wuhan, they decided to call it COVID-19, to avoid potential stigma, while a good practice overall. Other notable figures around the world, did not always share the same care when talking about the virus, which has led to cases of racism, and crimes against Asian minorities, to go through the roof. Of course, this kind of anti-Asian sentiment has made its way to every corner of the world, most surprisingly even mainland China itself, but there are certainly some regions of particular interest. Perhaps not the most scientific method, but on the Wikipedia page of documented attacks, the United States makes up over a third of the entire word count, and as it was difficult to find relevant articles for other regions of the world, this will mainly be our focus. New York City hate crimes in 2020, increased a ninefold from the previous year, and according to the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism, Orange County anti-Asian incidents have risen an estimated 1200%. However, the biggest event to highlight this rise in race motivated crime, came in mid this month, when an Atlanta man, killed eight Asian American women, before being arrested. We're not going to get into the whole debate over gun control, or any detail concerning the offender, for a myriad of reasons, and even though as of time of writing, it's not even clear that race was at all a motivation behind the attack, it nevertheless brought the overlying issue into the spotlight. With this in mind, race motivated crime almost never gets filed as such, with the Department of Justice survey of victims, indicating that between 2017 and 2018, there were over 230,000 violent hate crimes within the US, which resulted in only 50 offenders persecuted for hate crimes over the same period. The state of California has committed 1.4 million to expand efforts to report, track, and prosecute these types of offenses, but it's clear that this whole pandemic, which grew alongside the spread of COVID-19, will remain an unfortunate problem for the foreseeable future. With this being said, other types of violent crimes have decreased dramatically within the country, and we'd like to congratulate the United States on their efforts to reduce the number of school shootings by 60% in 2020. With the COVID-19 pandemic forcing millions of workers to start working from home, it spurred a number of debates on what a typical work week should look like. With this in mind, the Spanish government has decided to trial a 32 hour, 4 day work week, by incentivizing around 200 companies to participate. As the biggest trial of its kind, the results of such an experiment will be closely monitored to observe its impact on productivity, employee happiness, and environmental impact. The potential advantages for a 4 day work week have previously been documented by other smaller trials, when in 2019, Microsoft Japan found that such an arrangement was able to boost its productivity by 40%, cut electricity costs by 23%, and spur a dramatic increase to employee well-being. The philosophy is that employees with a 3 day weekend tend to be happier, and happier employees tend to be more productive. Although the data has been promising for a more widespread adoption of this shorter work week, it doesn't come without downsides. Firstly, some workplaces were found to be unsittable for such an arrangement, and in a handful of instances, it was much more cost-efficient to maintain higher working hours. Customer satisfaction also took a hit for customer facing businesses, as it cut out an entire day of opening hours. The last problem is that some companies attempted to simply extend the working day for 4 days a week, which tended to decrease overall productivity, employee satisfaction, and general engagement. With almost every single nation on the top 10 most productive countries list, enjoying work hours well below the global average, and with work weeks in general, seeing as much as a 60% decline over the last century, it's unsurprising that people much like myself, who look like the father from the movie Caroline, are happy to welcome our 4 day work week overlords. The Myanmar coup, at the start of February, which viewers might remember as taking place behind these banger dance moves, has left the country in military control into March, and the situation on the ground has only trended toward deterioration. Like a lot of dodgy regimes covered over the past year, the coup started when the military faction declared the results of the recent election fraudulent, which led to the highly unpopular takeover of the country by General Manon Lai. The month of March saw a more unified push back against the forced takeover, which led to civil disobedience movements halting train services, blocking roads, and doing their part to shut down the economy. These efforts have unfortunately been met with overwhelming acts of violence, as not only have 2000 people been arbitrarily detained since the start of the coup, but an estimated 261 people have been killed by the military, as of time of writing. The deadliest day so far was the murder of 37 protesters in retaliation for an arson attack on two local factories. Many of those being killed have been uncomfortably young, and it's been reported that as many as 20 children have been killed by military forces. With this in mind, these acts of brutality have only grown their list of opponents, with many of Myanmar's ethnic groups, and over 600 former police and military members have joined the protest movement. The international reaction is pretty standard for an event of this type. The United Nations sent a strongly worded letter, the United Kingdom imposed targeted sanctions, the United States froze a billion dollars of assets, and the gigachads in New Zealand severed diplomatic ties completely. The team reached out to our previous contact in Myanmar for a more detailed update from within the country, but due to widespread internet blackouts, we have not been able to communicate. At the same time, lawmakers in Georgia propose a ban on giving water to citizens waiting to vote, a children's film is criticized as anti-fossil fuel propaganda, and 10% of world trade is halted after a cargo ship gets stuck in the Suez Canal. A direct line was immediately made to the telling ship, which read, Step boat, I'm stuck. The start of March saw the return of 279 school girls who were abducted from a single town in Nigeria earlier in February. This incident is not to be confused with the kidnapping of over 300 Nigerian school boys a few months earlier, the 110 students kidnapped in 2018, and the 276 taken four years before that. With this in mind, let's look at why the fuck kidnappings are so common within the West African nation. As it turns out, kidnapping is quite a lucrative trade within Nigeria, and it's been a particular favorite among organized crime and terrorist groups for the last 20 years. The way it works is that a terror group like Boko Haram will take over a school, load as many children onto buses as they can, hold them in an undisclosed location, and demand a ransom from the government for their safe return. The Nigerian government will often simply pay the demands of the kidnappers, which will net the bandits anywhere between 20 to 20 thousand dollars ahead. In the end, the children are usually returned, the terrorists get increased fame and an easy source of revenue, and the government is seen as having an effective solution to the kidnapping epidemic. Our team was fortunate enough to speak with a university student within Nigeria, who explained that the kidnapping business is a kind of open secret within the country. Our contact believed that such a morally bankrupt industry was the result of an ineffective administration, saying, The government does nothing, but they claim to send military men. They do, but it's never effective. They always pay the ransom, we need a new government structure, these people are corrupt and embezzle money. When looking at the statistics of Nigeria, the man certainly has a point, as an estimated 400 billion has been lost due to corruption since the nation's independence in 1960, and as of 2018, the country was ranked 144th out of 180 in Transparency International's corruption index. Our contact is only one of many Nigerian citizens who personally know victims of unspeakably brutal coordinated kidnappings, and with very little being done about this long running trend, it is likely that these crimes are only going to be making headlines into the future. The US government has passed an absolutely batshit crazy bill this month, which gives individuals making less than 75,000 a year, cheques of 1400 freedom bucks. The aim of the stimulus is to provide financial relief to those who have been impacted by the pandemic, and to stimulate the economy to keep businesses afloat. The entire bill came out at a stupid expensive $1.9 trillion, which is the equivalent to the yearly military spending of every single country on the face of the planet. Other areas of funding also include unemployment assistance, COVID-19 testing and vaccination, and direct assistance for state and local governments. This being said, the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget pointed out that $300 billion of this stimulus bill was not at all related to the pandemic, and only 5% is directly focused on public health needs related to COVID-19. Supporters of the bill meanwhile, argue that this kind of swift and aggressive action is necessary, as the pandemic has already cost the United States an estimated $16 trillion. Unsurprisingly, the vote to pass the bill in the first place was completely split on party lines, with not a single Democratic senator voting against the bill, and not a single Republican senator voting in favor. The way it was even passed was a special ability called reconciliation, which allows lawmakers to pass budget related acts with a simple majority, as opposed to the usual 60 required for such a decision. As Vice President Kamala Harris also gets a vote, the bill passed 49-50. With this in mind, as the lawmakers are only allowed to use this ability once a year, under normal circumstances, it is unlikely that this will be a regular occurrence. This shit has a long cooldown. For viewers not keeping track of the credits like a fucking maniac, the news team has seen some significant changes over the past few months. With all the new additions to the team, and the departure of a couple others, Jack the Senior in turn, is actually the only member still here, from just 2 months ago. The month of March saw the particularly difficult task of replacing Smurfson as our editor, who was something of a legendary figure among the team. 70 applicants put their name in the ring to take up the mantle, and after weeks of looking through examples of previous work, interviewing candidates, and commissioning test projects, we finally landed on an editor we thought could truly live up to the incredible standard set by Smurfson. Trying to find a suitable editor was legitimately one of the hardest things I've had to do for this channel, but there's no doubt in my mind that Krusty the editor will impress you as viewers, just as much as he impressed us. His first project was the video on how to smuggle a princess, which I legitimately think is one of the best videos produced by this channel, and I would absolutely recommend it for viewers who just want more news. In terms of where the channel is going, March has been a long month of brainstorming ideas for the future. The overall plan is that because we've got both a very talented team, and steadily rising Patreon supporters who don't seem to know what they want, we might as well just aim to put out more content to keep everyone happy. Video suggestions are always welcome, so comment below if you have any interesting ideas. Viewers should keep in mind that as this channel has a crippling identity crisis, anything from educational explainer videos, original short stories, or just tea lists about anything you could ever imagine are all on the table. Just fucking try us. As always, viewers who want to support what we do with their shiny new stimulus checks can support our Patreon in the description, as well as all the other ways to follow the channel. With March officially over, everyone on the team would like to wish all viewers a happy April of 2021.