The events in Washington have taken a violent and tumultuous turn in the past few hours. Myanmar is back in the headlines because of scenes like these. The country is in turmoil after the military swept away the government. Tonight in Tel Aviv images that change everything in an escalation that has already so far. Welcome to your life, there's no turning back Even while we sleep, we will find you Acting on your best behavior Turn your back on Mother Nature Everybody wants to rule the world I can't stand this indecision Baring with the lack of vision Everybody wants to rule the world I can't stand this indecision Baring with the lack of vision Everybody wants to rule the world Benjamin Franklin once said, there are three things in the world that are certain. Death, taxes, and the monthly COVID-19 update. Here are the latest cases and deaths as of the last day of editing. And as you've probably guessed by now, the three podium positions are still the same. Nations experiencing a recent spike in cases include the United States, Denmark, Russia, and Vietnam. As viewers may or may not be aware, the tail end of November also saw the World Health Organization announce the new COVID variant, which was a mutation coming out of South Africa. The new Omicron variant is still being understood properly, however, researchers have been able to discern a few key findings. Firstly, existing vaccines as they currently stand have been far less effective when it comes to proactively preventing Omicron variants in the first place, meaning those who are infected are much more likely to pass it on. With this in mind, vaccines have proved effective at boosting an individual's immune response to the variant, meaning vaccines will be able to prevent the vast majority of severe COVID cases. It seems that whoever sick bastard is playing this game of Plague Incorporated has yet to stack the virus with some of the more seriously deadly traits. However, as several members of the team have been infected with COVID in the past, we wholeheartedly recommend staying as safe as you can. This shit isn't fun. The small nation of New Zealand is often overshadowed by its much larger and more Australian brother, but this didn't stop it from making headlines this month when it unveiled a plan to completely ban the sale of tobacco products within the country. According to country officials, smoking-related diseases account for around 15% of all deaths within the nation, which has led the government to introduce this new ban in the first place. Doctors and health experts have unsurprisingly praised the ban, as such a decrease in the rate of smoking would lead to a serious improvement for health outcomes. However, the plan isn't without its critics. Most notably tobacco farmers, retailers, and suppliers have come out against the ban, stating that a complete prohibition could lead to a black market situation where criminals are encouraged to smuggle cigarettes for a tidy profit. In many ways, this is a valid concern. New Zealand's high tax rate on tobacco products has already led to smugglers working out of Malaysia and Southeast Asia attempting to fill the gap for cheap cigarettes, and there's even been reports of smugglers of hard substances swapping over to cigarettes, as it's proved to be more profitable. The Health Ministry did mention that customs agencies would need increased resources to deal with this heightened black market demand, however, the entirety of the plan is scheduled to be written over the course of 2022. It should be noted that the proposed law isn't an outright ban, but more of a gradual phasing out of cigarettes among the nation's younger population. The way it works is that anyone born after the year 2008 will no longer be able to buy cigarettes anywhere in the country, while anyone over that age will be free to do so forever. It's hoped that by disallowing citizens to buy cigarettes when they're young, it will eventually phase out a demand altogether and hopefully bring up an entire generation who were never given the option to become addicted in the first place. The rate of smoking among the country's population has already seen a sharp decline over the last 15 years, with youth smoking rates declining from 14% in 2006 to just 3% today. Some of this is likely due to smoking culture among young people falling out of favour, however, more likely is it's been replaced with somewhat less harmful e-cigarettes, which have proven to be much more popular among this new generation. It's currently unclear how effective the ban is likely to be, as this is very much a test case for the rest of the world, however, we'll be watching the nation of New Zealand with great interest. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has suffered a small stroke this month, which occurred within Belmarsh prison in South East London. The attack came after the US government won an appeal over the extradition of Mr Assange, which would allow him to be transported to and sentenced within the United States. For those who might be out of the loop, Mr Assange is currently facing 17 espionage charges and one charge of computer misuse after WikiLeaks published thousands of classified US documents in 2011. The United States government claims that the leak of these sensitive documents put lives at risk, while supporters of Mr Assange have praised his actions, as the documents revealed numerous war crimes committed by US forces in Iraq. From 2012 to 2019, this Targaryen looking motherfucker would take refuge inside the Ecuadorian embassy in London, over which time he never left the building. An entire video could be made about these 7 long years, but to cut the shit, WikiLeaks would eventually report the details of a corruption scandal involving the Ecuadorian president, which led to the president kicking him out of the embassy. Since then, Mr Assange has been in UK custody, and unless appeals can be made, is facing an extradition to the United States, and up to 175 years in prison. Julian Assange's lawyers state that they intend to take the case to the Supreme Court, and have cited his suffering physical and mental health, in a bid to halt the extradition. Human rights organisations have also been firmly against the extradition to the United States, making the claim that this would set an unfortunate precedent for press freedom both within the US and across the world. The current WikiLeaks editor in chief echoed these concerns, stating quote, This is about the right of a free press to publish without being threatened by a bullying superpower. Throughout this whole process, Australian officials have remained uncharacteristically quiet, as despite Julian Assange being an Australian citizen, it appears as if the nation's desire to keep a friendly relationship with the United States takes a priority over protecting its most wanted man. It's currently unclear when Mr Assange's plan to be extradited or where he's likely to carry out a sentence, however, it's unlikely that Australia has any plans to get in the way. We now check back in on Myanmar, or more specifically, the coup that was caught in real time behind this woman back in February. It's now been over 300 days since the country's military seized power, and as of time of writing, they've done absolutely nothing that could possibly benefit a single citizen within the country during that time. The main plot point in this messed up storyline was the formal sentencing of the nation's legitimately elected leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, to a four year term. The now-deposed leader, who is currently 76 years old, is no stranger to being locked up, spending over a decade detained over her life in the name of democracy in Myanmar. Her crimes this time include breaking Covid restrictions and incitement. Although the military, led by funny hat man, seems to be really good at destroying democracy within the country, they're about as creative as a sack of shit when it comes to handing down a convincing sentence. The crime of breaking Covid 19 restrictions sure means absolutely fuck all from a government who's let Covid absolutely ravage the country. Inside sources have previously told us that bodies were literally being stacked in houses because crematoriums couldn't work fast enough to keep up with demand. As for inciting violence, it stands to reason that the estimated 1300 people killed since the coup began might have something to say about such a bullshit charge, or at least they would if they hadn't been fucking killed. The hard truth at the end of the day is that there are indeed a lot of opposition groups within the country who are carrying out attacks on military targets, but it wasn't Aung San Suu Kyi who incited them into violence. It's almost as if when a deeply unpopular military faction overthrows a legitimately elected government before reversing any gains the country has made in the last 16 years, citizens tend to get a bit pissed off. A funny hat man is someone who would take a shit on a monopoly board and be offended that someone else told them to please leave their daughter's 9th birthday party. As it currently stands, the military is facing accusations of committing war crimes by human rights groups, with the last confirmed indiscriminate airstrikes being carried out on the Sanyang region at the end of November, while the United Nations estimates that half the population is likely to fall into poverty over the coming year. Viewers who are expecting a military coup in their own country might be interested in today's sponsor. If you're trying to remain invisible online or just trying to watch region-locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN makes protecting your online privacy and watching prohibited Netflix shows easier than making an MT promise to yourself on New Year's, and you can rest easy knowing that your privacy will be infinitely more secure than the information YouTube is harvesting about your lifestyle choices at this very second. Gone are the days of having to recall the stories of your ancestors, passed down by the meticulous oral traditions of your tribe, simply change your location to anywhere you like, and appreciate a whole cornucopia of new media to enjoy. Signing up with the code on screen will give viewers an 83% discount, 4 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN. It's cheaper than the other ones. Meanwhile, the Prime Minister of Finland faces backlash for going clubbing, Iran threatens to sanction the United States for its treatment of black Americans, and China dubs itself as the largest democracy in the world. Reporters Without Borders published its annual roundup this month, and as it turns out, a shit ton of reporters are getting sent to prison. 488 media personnel were said to currently be detained around the world, which is the highest since the NGO started counting in 1995. This number rose a staggering 20% from last year, which can be attributed in large part to crackdowns on the media in Myanmar, Belarus, and Hong Kong. With this in mind, this year was certainly a win for gender equality, with more women than ever before getting detained around the world for journalistic-related motives. In terms of the countries topping the leaderboard for the most journalists detained, China claimed the number one spot for fucking up Hong Kong, Myanmar came in second due to the military coup it suffered at the start of February, while Vietnam, Belarus, and Saudi Arabia claimed third, fourth, and fifth for generally just being oppressive places to live. The good news however, is that owing to declining conflict within the Middle East since 2016, there's actually been a slow decrease in journalist deaths, as less of them have been drawn to the region. Nevertheless, the report claimed that a whole 46 journalists were killed this year, with a staggering 65% being deliberately targeted assassinations. The podium positions for the deadliest countries were the usual suspects, with Mexico, Afghanistan, Yemen, and India taking the top spots. In terms of journalists held hostage, this was a practice heavily skewed by a handful of countries, with all but one of the 65 being held in the Middle East, and almost all of those being within Syria. Reporters without borders have attributed these higher numbers to an overall rise in authoritarianism across the world, and state that many oppressive governments are not being subjected to enough pressure to curb these detentions. Jack the intern has been detained by the nation of New Zealand since the beginning of April, and we really hope they let him out before we have to call a second time. Throughout December, alarming reports began spreading concerning a Russian military build up along the Ukrainian border, with an estimated force of 120,000 troops at the ready. Although quite alarming, especially to Ukrainian leadership, this isn't even the first time this has happened within the last year, with a similar build up at the start of April, seeing similar numbers stacked up across the 250 kilometer border. Concerned that Russia was about to casually begin an invasion into Europe, US President Joe Biden decided to ring Vladimir Putin and ask him very nicely if he'd please reconsider. Not much seemed to come out of the meeting, as far as we can tell, as Mr Putin seemed to think the threat of economic sanctions was fucking adorable. It's important to understand that depending on who you ask, Russia has been an occupying force in Ukraine for the better part of a decade. In 2014, the Russian military rolled into Ukraine's Crimean peninsula, occupied the entire region, didn't elaborate further, and now refuses to leave. Since then, Ukraine and Russia have been in a kind of half-hearted war over a few select regions of what's internationally recognized as Ukraine, leading to around 3,000 deaths and 30,000 casualties since 2014. From the perspective of Russia, Crimea was never part of Ukraine in the first place, and most of its residents speak Russian and consider themselves Russian citizens. When Russia took over this region, the Ukrainian government was in the process of being overthrown, so from the perspective of Russia, it invaded in order to protect its own citizens. Poles have even been conducted in Crimea, which indicate that most citizens do in fact favor being part of Russia, however, as a lot of these are conducted by Russian sources, I find it hard to call this entirely unbiased. After all, according to a poll by officials in the nation of Swagistan, this series was voted the best news show in the history of humanity. The perspective of Ukraine is far simpler to understand. The invasion in 2014, and the troop build-up at the border, is simply a show of force from an expansionistic dictator, especially when Ukraine is trying to become part of the European Union, which is often at odds with Russian interests. Ukraine sees Crimea as a region which is internationally recognized as their territory, and has had to suffer thousands of civilian casualties at the hands of Russian mercenaries since being invaded. It's currently unclear whether the troop build-up is probing the international reaction before a full-scale invasion, or whether it's simply a political stunt to win brownie points from Putin's nationalistic supporters, however, it almost certainly won't be the last time that Russia shows up with a hundred thousand uninvited guests on Ukraine's doorstep. We now check back in on Afghanistan. When we last left off in August, the United States was assuming its proud tradition of losing wars to a bunch of people who live in caves, meaning nearly the entire nation is now Taliban town. Since the withdrawal of US troops, the United States has halted 10 billion worth of aid to the country, which has left the nation's current level of food and other supplies insufficient to supply the entire population. It's here where the blocking of aid might just backfire. For the past several decades, Afghanistan has been the largest producer of opium anywhere in the world, and as it currently stands, 90% of the world's heroin supply starts within Afghan borders. This was always the case under US occupation, however, under the Taliban, drug cultivation and production has boomed within the country, as many farmers now see opium as their best chance to generate a livable income. When speaking to the BBC, one farmer explained that many crops have become entirely unfeasible to grow, as the current market price to sell the produce doesn't even cover the cost to sow his fields in the first place. This spike in opium production seems to be a shift away from the Taliban's historical stance on the drug trade. In July 2000, the Taliban declared that the growing of poppies was un-Islamic, and as they tend to have a very proactive governing style, opium farming within the country briefly dropped by 99%, which was three quarters of the world's supply at the time. Of course, when Uncle Sam moved in the following year, things quickly returned to normal, however, the present day Taliban appear to be more pragmatic. Their current stance is that although they'd like to eradicate the drug entirely from the country, they understand that they can't just ban the production of opium overnight without huge economic consequences, especially for many of the nation's struggling families. It's their hope that by first creating alternative forms of employment, they'll eventually be able to offer an alternative to the drug trade, which currently acts as a vital pillar for the Afghan economy. However, with opium employing 400,000 people and comprising up to 11% of Afghanistan's entire GDP, it seems that the world's largest drug supplier was the most addicted all along. With news for this year finally over, it's now time for some important announcements. As viewers may know, I've been making real world news on this channel for three years, which was once a three-minute weekly episode, before evolving into these much more ambitious projects we have the luxury of making today. In three years, not a single regular news video has been monetized by YouTube, meaning paying for the team, the stock footage, and hundreds of hours of time all comes from outside of YouTube. With this in mind, I'd like to extend a special thanks to both Surfshark, who has stuck around no matter what insane topics we decide to cover, and to our extremely helpful Patreon supporters, who have let us take the time to put out the best news we have the capacity to create. The entire team cannot thank you enough for keeping the series going, as without you, it would literally be impossible to do what we do. With this in mind, the news only actually averages around 10% of non-subscribers watching, meaning either due to the heavy topics or to branding issues, this series is very much struggling to grow. This is extremely bad news, as if we're not able to make news that is both able to appeal to a new audience and passes YouTube's checks for being recommended at all, this series, and the channel by extension, is destined to die. It's become so bad that this channel has started gaining less subscribers a month than it used to be gaining per day. I recently had a very long chat with a YouTube representative to attempt to resolve this issue, and while I won't bore viewers with the intricate details of what we can and can't show, rest assured, we plan to take every step possible to keep the series going. Heading into the new year, you can probably expect a few significant changes, and this leads us to a few ways viewers can help. Firstly, we've made a survey currently in the description, which is designed to see what people want out of the news, and this channel as a whole. It covers questions such as how we should format the news, the use of text to speech, and will even let you rate our perceived level of reliability. The survey will be used to find out what people like, what they don't like, and perhaps even things that will be left behind. If you want to have your say, a link will be down below. However, a more exciting announcement is that I've started working on a secret project, and as a result, the team is in need of a few more people. Applications are now open for a presenter role, a few acting roles, a musician, and a graphic designer, so if you think you're the right fit for any of these positions, and you'd like to work on a secret project, viewers can find links to apply down in the description. Once again, we'd like to thank all viewers from all corners of the world for watching, and we wholeheartedly wish everyone a happy 2022. you