Now to Australia, where they're facing those massive fires already among the worst in that country's history. Now to growing concerns about the deadly coronavirus officially hitting the US. Here's what we know. Step away from here, alright? Step out and face away. Step out and face away. Step out and face away. Step out and face away. Step out and face away. Yeah, things look wild. As always, we'll start by addressing the pandelephant in the room. Here are the current confirmed cases and deaths as of the last day of editing, and as expected, the United States, India, and Brazil still proudly hold their podium positions for the number of confirmed cases. A notable trend for this month was an uptick of cases in Eastern Europe, with the nations of Ukraine, Poland, and Romania not content to let Western Europe have all the fun. Meanwhile, Austria, Italy, the UK, and some highly populated parts of California enforced lockdown measures as many hospitals begun reaching intensive care capacity. Fortunately, the mad lads at German-based pharmaceutical company Pfizer BioNTech have gone and fucking done it and came up with the first COVID-19 vaccine to be approved on an international scale. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the British motherland was the first to approve the vaccine for usage on the general public, while Canada, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Freedomland, and the rest of Europe were quick to follow. China on the other hand has decided to use its own treatments based on its own independent research. White House coronavirus advisor Anthony Fauci has announced that assuming 75-85% of all Americans are vaccinated, this would be enough of the population to achieve herd immunity, which would allow the country to approach a sense of normalcy by around October 2021. This threshold may however still be difficult to achieve in this time frame, as on top of potential logistical challenges, a poll released in mid last year found that 45% of American adults doubt the safety of vaccines as a whole. Experts in the field have different theories as to why there is such a distrust for vaccines, with some pointing toward the online echo chamber effect, where social media circles tend to reinforce established viewpoints, while others have suggested that the lack of a recent and devastating outbreak has cloaked the immense benefits of vaccinations from the public eye. This will likely be a prominent challenge facing the world long into 2021, however, with a very long year yielding such a minuscule amount of good news on the pandemic, it's just nice to get a significant and tangible win. Notable people who have contracted COVID 19 this month include the President of France, the Prince and Princess of Sweden, Dwayne, Rock and Stone Johnson, famous workers' rights advocate, Ellen DeGeneres, and Santa Claus. The end of the year started pretty much exactly how the start of the year began, with a very important Iranian man getting assassinated. The target this time was an Iranian nuclear scientist, and this is especially significant because it's ever so loosely linked to the previously mentioned assassination at the start of the year. As a refresher, the relationship between Iran and the United States saw wild turbulence over the past several decades, involving coups, hostage situations, and a number of smaller but less than friendly incidents. This eventually led to economic sanctions placed on Iran, which has historically devastated its economy. Fast forward to Obama's time in office, and Iran's growing understanding of nuclear technology spurs a deal between US allied nations and Iran. Iran would agree to rid themselves of the means to produce nuclear weapons, and in return, many of the related economic sanctions would be lifted. Jumping to the start of 2020, the US decides to take the opportunity to assassinate a top Iranian general with a drone strike, as despite tensions being much cooler than before, the United States still considered Iran a sponsor of terrorist activities. A US base was destroyed in retaliation, resulting in no deaths, but the real consequence of the assassination was that the deal for Iran to disarm themselves was now no longer on the table. We now get to the recent assassination of the Iranian nuclear scientist. Unlike the Iranian general from the start of the year, which had the US announce their W on twitter, no one has actually come forward to claim responsibility for the killing. Part of the reason is because of the nature of the assassination as a whole. The Iranian scientist was supposedly killed by a remote controlled machine gun, set up in a truck 150 meters away, which fired shots so accurate, at the target sitting in his car, that his passenger was not hit. The truck then exploded, removing all potential evidence to the killing. The full story for the assassination of the scientist who founded Iran's nuclear program, is difficult to accurately convey, as there are a few conflicting reports on what actually happened. Initially, Iranian officials claimed that the scientist and his security convoy was attacked by a dozen armed assassins, meaning that either this was entirely misreported in the chaos, or Iran didn't want to acknowledge that two cars filled with bodyguards couldn't apprehend a single attacker in the incident. Secondly, working on the assumption that the assassination was indeed carried out by a self-destructing remote controlled turret, this indicates that the people responsible, absolutely didn't want to be found out. The list of suspects for the nation of Iran is almost comically long, as the country has collected an impressive number of powerful enemies, however, Iran claims to have found evidence at the site, pointing to the involvement of the Israeli military. Although certainly not without their reasons, it's impossible to know whether Israel carried out such an attack, or even more mysteriously, whether another actor went to such lengths in order to frame Israel for such a high profile assassination. A long requested story has been the investigation into one of the most heinous criminals this series has ever covered. A person who has been so detrimental to the fabric of society that the media has branded them a traitor, and their prison guards are said to have never let them sleep for more than two hours at a time, over the past two years. Her name is Lujan Al-Hathloul, and since May 2018, she has been imprisoned in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and currently awaits trial in front of a specialist terrorist court. With all this information, you might assume that such a miserable existence would mean Miss Al-Hathloul wiped out a busload of children, or assassinated a member of the royal family, but the reality is far more mundane. The truth is that she was instead imprisoned for saying the line, it sure would be cool if Saudi Arabian woman had rights, referring to a 10 year ban on woman driving cars, which was abolished only a few weeks after her arrest for such an opinion. Miss Al-Hathloul claims to have been sexually assaulted during her time in prison, as well as being waterboarded and subject to a series of electric shocks. Viewers might be surprised to know that Saudi Arabia was up until recently serving on the United Nations Human Rights Council up until its most recent election. The reputation of Saudi Arabia as anything resembling a modern state wasn't exactly incredible before the case of Lujain Al-Hathloul, having famously and not so subtly dismembered a Saudi journalist in its Istanbul consulate, and beheaded a woman on the charges of witchcraft as recent as 2010. As the age old saying goes, in this region of the world, can't have shit in Saudi Arabia. December saw US officials announce that several government agencies had been targeted by a sweeping cyber attack, which is now being called the biggest targeted hack in US history. The hack started as early as March this year, when malicious code was snuck into updates to a popular software called Orion, which provides network monitoring services to several hundred thousand organizations around the world. Not only does this include most Fortune 500 companies, but also government agencies in almost every continent across the globe. The hack itself was described by Microsoft cyber security experts as an attack that is remarkable for its scope, sophistication, and impact. The nations of Canada, Mexico, Israel, Belgium, Spain, the UK, and the United Arab Emirates have all been victims of the attack, as well as several US government departments, most alarmingly the network of the National Nuclear Security Administration. With a time of writing, we don't actually know who is responsible for such an attack, however, as you could probably guess, all signs currently point to Russia. This sentiment has been echoed by the Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, a handful of anonymous US officials, prominent cyber security experts, and an expert in Russian spy agencies. Two notable entities have however rejected these claims entirely. One of them, unsurprisingly, was a Kremlin spokesperson who said, one shouldn't unfoundedly blame the Russians for everything. The other was none other than WWE Hall of Fame inductee and US President, Donald Trump, who suggested that China may be behind the attack. The president then theorized that the attack could have also compromised voting machines during the November election, before affirming that he had won the vote by a large margin. With a time of writing, the swag news team could not find any credible evidence for either of these claims. The extent of the attack is not yet entirely clear, however, a cyber conflict expert told the Associated Press that the hackers have most likely harvested such a huge amount of data that even they themselves don't entirely know what they've managed to steal. In terms of fixing these intrusions, one of the president's former homeland security advisors suggested that it may take several years to repair the damage, as it may take that long just to figure out which systems have been occupied and which ones could have been entirely controlled. He went on to say that building entirely new and isolated networks is not only necessary but absolutely non-negotiable. The hack follows several sitting US administrations that have failed to properly defend against similar state-funded cyber attacks, who have largely been criticized for internal dysfunction and an uncoordinated defense between the US and its allies. However, perhaps the biggest loser from this entire affair was the firm that the hackers used to exploit in the first place, which has since seen a 25% stock decrease, a 45% drop in its total revenue, and is now awaiting expected legal action from both private customers and government entities around the world. If only the US government had a single subscription to today's sponsor. If you're trying to remain invisible online or just trying to watch region-locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN makes protecting your online privacy and watching prohibited Netflix shows as easy as recommending Titanfall to your younger cousin, and it's within my understanding that they actually employ real sharks to viciously attack online intruders. No longer do you need to craft a custom tinfoil hat and brave the malware wasteland of Limewire to watch the most critically acclaimed gangster movie of all time, Shark Tale. Simply change your location to Iceland and enjoy watching that red female fish that definitely didn't serve as a sexual awakening in your childhood. Cleaning up with the code on screen will give viewers an 84% discount, 4 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied can back out in the first 30 days and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN, it's cheaper than the other ones. Long time viewers may remember the story of Alexei Navalny, the Russian opposition leader and anti-corruption advocate who was famously poisoned by Russian agents in August this year. The attempt on Mr. Navalny's life would have been successful had it not been for a mid-flight emergency landing. A charity-funded transfer to a specialist German hospital, followed by several weeks of intensive care while he was in a coma, all factors that his would be assassins, probably didn't factor into the scenario. Something else the team of assassins didn't expect was for Mr. Navalny to recover and go on to do one of the most giga-chat things ever conceived. By disguising his phone number to that of the primary Russian intelligence agency, he was able to contact a member of the elite toxin team who made an attempt on his life, as they were recently identified by a joint investigation between CNN and investigative journalism website, Bellingcat. By pretending to be a senior official, carrying out an analysis of the poisoning operation, Alexei Navalny was able to get every scrap of information he could ever want from his would-be killers, and over the 45-minute conversation, he extracted how the poison was administered, why the assassins believed the killing was unsuccessful, and how they kept their identity hidden. Mr. Navalny even asked them to evaluate their target's personality, and eventually asked whether he might have recognized them. If this wasn't great enough, the entire conversation was recorded and put on Mr. Navalny's YouTube channel, gaining an impressive 16 million views in a single day, making it perhaps one of the only videos that made it into the trending tab this year that wasn't just YouTubers showing people how much money they have. The conversation was of course called fake, by the same Russian intelligence agency he was able to impersonate, however, this position is unsurprising, considering no one was actually supposed to know that the Russian state tried to have him killed at all. The 6 billion IQ conversation went on to fill a number of gaps in several investigative outlets around the world, and most notably, helped the Bellingcat and CNN collaboration to identify at least 6 members of the Russian intelligence team that specializes in toxins and nerve agents. The swag news team would like to formally award Mr. Navalny as the clear winner for the best prank call of 2020. One story that was too late to properly cover last month was what is now being called the 2020 Indian general strike. Those outside the nation would be forgiven for not hearing about the event, as despite it being the largest strike in human history, its complexity makes it difficult to properly convey. On November 26, a mass general strike was organized by 10 separate trade unions, and saw a staggering 250 million people across the nation take part. The initial 24 hour strike saw 5 states across India shut down, resulting in work stoppages in a huge variety of industries. The demands of the workers unions included mandatory payments to families earning below the income tax threshold, grain rations to people in need, and to stop the privatization of many historically government run services. The 24 hour strike was then followed by a much longer protest by an estimated 200,000 farmers, who then started blocking border roads, disrupting the movement of supplies in certain states, and taking over toll checkpoints to allow free movement. This is in response to legislation enacted in September, which largely aims to deregulate India's agriculture industry, and ultimately make the sector more efficient. The new legislation which aims to modernize farming within the nation, will now see farmers sell their goods to independent buyers, as opposed to the current government sanctioned market places that have been operating for decades. This is where the complications arise. In the 1960s, India as a nation was operating at a food deficit, and had to constantly import crops to feed its population. In an attempt to encourage farmers to grow and put in tense crops like wheat, the government started what's known as MSP, or minimum support price. With this system, the government would guarantee farmers a minimum amount for certain produce, effectively making sure farmers could always sell their yield at a livable price. The practice that has continued to this day, has helped farmers within India earn a living, knowing that the government will always buy their crop, regardless of external market conditions. It's with the new deregulation of the agriculture industry within the country that has led to so many farmers going on strike, as they fear it will likely lead to this safety net being removed, which they say would leave them open to exploitation by the bargaining power of large companies. The situation gets even messier when looking at the economy of India as a whole. Nearly 60% of the entire country, of 1.3 billion people, rely on farming for their livelihoods. However, the agriculture industry within the country is unfortunately extremely unproductive, making up only 15% of the nation's GDP. By guaranteeing a minimum price for crops for so many years, India now has way too many farmers operating within the country. This wouldn't be a problem if there was an abundance of jobs outside of the industry, but as COVID-19 has shrunk the economy by as much as 7.5% from the previous year, alternative employment for unskilled labor has become increasingly hard to come by. To explain it in a way my fellow gamers understand, India is currently a Minecraft server with 100 people, but because of a severe tool shortage, 60 of these players are only able to grow crops and tend to livestock. Not exactly the type of items that would impress those dumb shit villagers and their stupid fucking villager sounds. Shrinking the agriculture industry in India appears unquestionably necessary to the long term success of the country, but if the government cannot find a place for the millions of people who will be without a livelihood, it is unsurprising that they will resist as if their lives depended in it, because in many cases, they very much do. John Radcliffe, the US director of national intelligence, has warned that China has conducted human experiments to biologically enhance their soldiers. This comes after two American scholars wrote a paper last year detailing China's ambitions to enhance human and soldier performance, using a method called CRISPR, which has previously been used to treat genetic diseases. Western scientists have found it unethical to manipulate genes to boost the performance of already healthy people, however, the paper made it clear that Chinese officials have no such objections to using the editing tool on humans. One Chinese general in 2017 stated that the integration of biotechnology, along with other cutting edge concepts such as nanotechnology, would have revolutionary influences upon all dimensions of warfare. However, a former navy officer and consultant on China affairs said that he was far less concerned with the military applications of such technology, as opposed to the potential unforeseen consequences of tampering with human genes. China is far from the only nation which has flirted with the idea of augmented soldiers, as only recently, the French armed forces now have permission to develop such technology, following the decision by a military ethics committee. Such augmentations could include prosthetics and implants that improve physical, cognitive, receptive, or psychological capabilities, or could allow for location tracking or connectivity with both weapon systems and other soldiers. Other possible applications could include medical treatments to prevent pain, stress, or fatigue, or substances that would improve a soldier's mental resilience, should they be taken prisoner. The ethics committee have stated that such augmentations are necessary to maintain operational superiority of its armed forces, but has however banned any such modification that would affect a soldier's ability to manage the use of force or affect their sense of humanity. The French armed forces have reiterated that invasive augmentations such as implants are not currently part of military plans, but have however mentioned that these policies may change as necessary. The implementation of augmented soldiers have already seen limited use on the battlefields of today, from the Pentagon's research arm developing an implant allowing humans to directly communicate with computers, or more recently, Chinese exoskeletons to better acclimatize to the harsh Himalayan conditions. As frightening as it may be, it would be foolish to think that such invasive enhancements won't be commonplace in the militaries of the future. Meanwhile, Russia continues its favorite tradition this year of throwing doctors out of windows, the Japanese government funds an AI matchmaking program in an attempt to boost birth rates, and an Amazon server outage leaves customers unable to use household appliances. With the global population expected to reach just short of 10 billion by 2050, the world is going to need to increase its food production by an impressive 70%. However, with ever decreasing land availability and climate change fucking up everything, a new concept known as vertical farming is changing the way we grow food. Vertical farming involves growing plants indoors on vertical stacks under artificial light and is usually made more efficient with the help of AI assisted robots managing the process. Vertical farms were first popularized in 1999, but considering this was the same time as IFA 65's Blue music video was making the rounds. Needless to say, the technology wasn't quite there yet. One of the incredible advantages about vertical farming is not only is it infinitely more space efficient than a traditional farm, but they can also use as little as 1% of the water needed for the same amount of food production. Vertical farms are also entirely indoors, which completely eliminates threats from changing temperatures, natural disasters, and prevents sneak sea hobbitses from stealing the crop. However, this doesn't mean vertical farming isn't without its downsides, as the process is also super energy demanding. As an example, a vertical lettuce farm requires nearly 14 times more energy per kilogram grown, which can really take the wind out of the sails, for the advocates of vertical farming. With this being said, this means that the level of environmental sustainability related to vertical farms are entirely dependent on how the power is generated in the first place, but with the plummeting costs of more sustainable energy sources, it's safe to assume that these installments are only going to be more common into the future. All of this also isn't factoring in major breakthroughs in this relatively new field. In 2017, a Japanese company was able to be 100 times more efficient per square meter of space, grew their plants to under half times faster, used 40% less energy, and consumed a staggering 99% less water than traditional farming methods. Another startup is a California based company called Plenty, which recently got a 400 million dollar capital injection, after it was able to be 350 times more space efficient with its land use. A 70% increase in food production is no easy goal to meet, however, if vertical farming can be widely adopted, it would certainly make the entire process a fuck ton easier. The Game Awards 2020 came and went in December, which sees around 30 influential gaming news organizations nominate and vote on titles in a variety of categories. A few of the highlights include No Man's Sky winning best ongoing game, Hades taking the title for best indie game, Among Us being awarded best multiplayer, and Ghosts of Tsushima granted the Players Choice Award. The Last of Us 2 was the biggest winner of the night, winning best action adventure game, the award of innovation and accessibility, best audio design, best performance, best narrative, best game direction, and last but not least, game of the year. The Last of Us 2 joins the likes of Dragon Age Inquisition, The Witcher 3, Overwatch, Breath of the Wild, God of War, and Sekiro in the hall of game of the year winners since 2014. Viewers who wish to see the full list of winners can of course refer to the list of sources in the description. Arguably the biggest game of the year finally released this month, but you'd better believe it wasn't without its fair dose of controversy. Cyberpunk 2077 review codes were sent out to a handful of well connected game critics, who were only allowed to use both pre-recorded b-roll footage, and could only play on the PC version of the game. These reviews cited a sizable number of bugs throughout their playthroughs, but despite these warranted criticisms, the Metacritic score, averaging all critic reviews, stood at an impressive 90 out of a hundred. However, once the game finally released to the public, more cracks began to show in the foundation, and even after three delays, and a brutal culture of crunch among the developers, it couldn't save the release state of the game from feeling far from a finished product. Many players who were lucky enough to get the new series of graphics cards had very little to complain about in terms of performance, but for players throwing down their money for the Xbox One and PS4 versions, it was clear that the now 8 year old hardware was not designed with a fully realized Night City in mind. After many players were understandably disappointed by the last gen consoles, making the game look like a fan made recreation in Minecraft, CD Projekt announced that players could get refunds, while supposedly not telling Microsoft and Sony about their decision. After an influx of players returning the game, Sony took the unprecedented action of taking it down from the Playstation store entirely, solidifying its launch as one of the most disastrous in modern gaming. What we can recommend is difficult to say, as both myself and Jack the Intern have personally been enjoying the shit out of Cyberpunk on both PC and console since its release, and haven't experienced many of these cited issues. There are plenty of examples to make the case that Cyberpunk absolutely wasn't a finished product at launch, but considering the famously customer friendly reputation of the company, I would be extremely surprised if Cyberpunk doesn't end up being the new no man's sky where the game eventually meets and exceeds all expectations that were placed upon its pre-launch head. With this being said, viewers who aren't in a hurry to play Cyberpunk might want to hold off for a while longer, as they will eventually be able to enjoy a more complete bug free and feature rich product. If one thing is for certain, those developers especially have had a particularly rough year. Besides Cyberpunk, games released in December included Medal of Honor Above and Beyond, the standalone version of Red Dead Online, and Among Us for the Nintendo Switch. Games set to release for January include Hitman 3, Five Nights at Freddy's Core Collection, and Scott Pilgrim vs The World. With news completely concluded for the year, I think now, more than ever, would be an excellent time to make some announcements, and if you'll indulge me, reflect on the last year of content creation. Firstly, in an attempt to get the opinions of everyone watching in relation to the news and this entire channel as a whole, I've created a survey link down in the description that is open for all viewers to have their say. The one released this time last year had just over 10,000 responses and shaped the series to what it is today, so if you had any amount of feedback to give, now is the time to make your opinion known. On the business end, we'd like to thank every single Patreon supporter who's ever helped us out, as having the luxury of being backed by so many individuals means we can pretty much talk about any topic we so choose, laugh in the face of copyright claims, and afford to take on the much bigger projects that we've been fortunate enough to work on. From what I can tell, offering Patreon rewards does very little to actually encourage people to support the channel, but that didn't stop us wanting to give back a little something regardless. As of right now, there are two new behind the scenes videos for Patreon supporters of all tiers, meaning that viewers who may have considered joining will now be able to watch both a full video on how we edit the news by Smurfson, and another on how we research and write by yours truly. This now increases the exclusive Patreon video count to 5, which is mostly just made up of ideas way too stupid for the main channel, such as a comprehensive look at why Garfield Kart is better than Mario Kart. A few fun statistics from this year has seen the amount of videos from this channel drop from 91 in 2019, down to just 38 in 2020. However, with this being said, the length of each video has increased dramatically, with the average length jumping from 6 minutes all the way to 16 and a half. In terms of the total length of content, 2020 saw an increase from 9 hours, up to 11 hours from the previous year, however, what's particularly notable is the proportion of this time dedicated to news. In 2019, around 40% of screen time was allotted to news related content, whereas this year, it's jumped to just short of 70%. This brings up an important point about what exactly this channel should be. For the longest time, I strived to create a channel that was flexible and able to tackle many different formats and many different topics. Hitching a wagon to a specific game ties it to the success of that particular title, so branching out and finding new things was always part of the game plan. What I didn't expect was a success of news without the bullshit and the complicated position it would leave behind. On so many metrics, from Patreon support, like ratios, and general popularity, the news series is extremely successful, however, due to its heavy topics, I fear it can never be a reliable winner in the YouTube algorithm. There's a good reason that this type of content isn't widespread on this platform, as newer channels cannot gain an audience from covering such subjects, and bigger channels know better than to do what we've done. We just happen to land in the Goldilocks zone of being big enough and smooth brain enough to make it work. 70% of work input being mostly ineligible to be shown to non-subscribers isn't a good way to operate on this platform, and as such, much like we've done before, a serious look at the business model is no doubt required. Whether this involves more outside help to cut production time, or a focus on more YouTube safe videos to satisfy the algorithm, viewers should probably expect some sort of shift going into the future. Once again, the survey will play a large role in this decision making process. The very last thing I wanted to say was to thank everyone who helped make the series possible this year. Smurfs and the editor, and Jack the intern, were the heavyweights in this respect, and I'd absolutely recommend checking them out further with the links in the description, or just looking at the news playlist of this year to see how much they've managed to improve the series compared to the January installment. I'd also like to thank anyone who has contributed in one way or another, everyone who has been a Patreon supporter, no matter how long, and to every single viewer who watches what we make. With all of me, and everyone else on the team, we'd like to wish everyone, a happy 2021.