now before we dive into the delicious new steak marinated with co compensates of cus and murder and murder, we first have to eat our COVID-19 vegetables. The podium positions for confirmed cases remain unchanged, however, the world reached a special milestone this month when the death toll finally rolled over 5.5 million people. Nations experiencing spikes this month include the United Kingdom, Belgium, and Japan. The United States has also set even more records this month by having the most confirmed cases in a single day, with 1.35 million on January 3rd. The land of the free also set a new record for most simultaneous hospitalizations, with over 151,000. As you might imagine, this drive to be number one has come at a cost for the US hospital system, with many seeing shortages for things like masks, defibrillators, and vaccine refrigerators. The rise in hospitalizations has also caused an extreme shortage of blood, with the Red Cross declaring a nationwide blood crisis. Early in the month, the US government began distributing free COVID tests, however, as of time of writing, the Biden administration has yet to propose a strategy to mitigate the current spike in cases and hospitalizations. Meanwhile, the nation of Austria became the first European nation to make the COVID vaccine compulsory for all adults within the country. The mandate for the new laws went through with a vote of 137 to 33, which means citizens will either need to be vaccinated, have a medical exemption, or be required to pay an initial fine of 680 freedom bucks. These fines will become progressively higher over time, and eventually amount to $4,000 a quarter or $16,000 a year. Citizens receiving a penalty notice will be given a two-week window to be vaccinated or get an exemption before these hefty fines start rolling in. Not only this, but the Austrian government has put aside €1 billion for a vaccination lottery, which will see one in every 10 vaccine shots award citizens with a €500 gift card. As you might imagine, not everyone is happy with these particularly strict vaccine laws, with the country's Freedom Party stating that the bill could pave the way for totalitarianism within the country. Since the mandate proposal, the nation's capital in Vienna has seen frequent protests, some as large as 44,000 people. Austria currently has one of the lowest vaccination rates in Europe, and these strict measures are seen by many as a last-ditch effort to reach the most hesitant members of society. With this in mind, opposition figures to the mandate argue that this is a step too far for what the Austrian government should be allowed to enforce. Regardless of everyone's opinion on the matter, governments the world over will be watching Austria with great interest to know whether these more extreme measures will prove to be effective in combating the spread of COVID-19. German authorities faced criticism from data protection advocates this month when it used a COVID-19 contact tracing app to track down witnesses in a local crime. The app in question is called Luka, which allows users to check into businesses in order to assist in contact tracing efforts should someone with COVID-19 happen to be in the same place at the same time. The crime itself took place in the city of Mainz when at the end of November last year, a man fell to his death near a local restaurant, leading police to open an official case. The police then managed to successfully petition local health authorities to release data from the app, leading to the identification of 21 potential witnesses. Under normal circumstances, this information is restricted to all people outside of specific requests from health authorities, after which time, the data is unencrypted for contact tracing purposes. The developers of Luka have stated that they very regularly decline requests by police to access data collected by the app, meaning the local health authority is very much at fault in this instance. Some German in turn royally fucked up. Contact tracing with the use of similar apps have been commonplace in several countries around the world, including China, South Korea, Norway, Denmark, Australia, and Argentina. The merits of contact tracing have long been a topic of debate, with a sizable opposition, concerned that the process of checking into everywhere you go is too much like the plot of a Black Mirror episode, and that only God and Google should have the ability to see everywhere at once. The actual effectiveness has been less of a topic of debate, with one study concluding that with 80% participation from the general public, and with wide scale access to same day testing, this can lead to a 30% decrease in COVID cases across the board. This is of course using some pretty optimistic assumptions about public participation and test availability, so the real world effectiveness is likely much lower in practice. Nevertheless, contact tracing has undoubtedly saved an inconceivable number of lives since the start of the pandemic, which is why the police incident in Germany has proved so damaging. Much like other COVID related mitigation strategies, contact tracing becomes much less effective without the participation of the majority of the population, and when public trust is broken in this instance, people are very reasonably going to be more hesitant to take part. The same logic has been applied to a recent push by some authorities to decriminalize drug use, as often times there can be a conflict of interest between health professionals, who are solely concerned with the health of their community, and police authorities, who may not be quite as lenient. In a global health crisis this big and significant, it's more important than ever that people are able to trust health authorities, and incidents such as this can unfortunately go a long way to damage that trust. Since the start of the pandemic, there's been a decline in democracy and an acceleration of authoritarian governments around the world. According to the non-profit organization, Freedom House, the smart decline in democracy leaves only around a fifth of the world's population living in free and open societies. This leads us to the nation of Kazakhstan, a land made famous by a 2006 documentary, which was unfortunately plunged into chaos early this month. The situation started on the 2nd of January, when the government lifted a cap on the price of liquefied natural gas, leading to the price doubling almost immediately. In another country, this might be seen as an inconvenience to a large portion of the population, but to the people of Kazakhstan, this represented everything wrong with their government. The powers that be had long been criticized for economic inequality, corruption, rising authoritarianism, human rights violations, and police brutality, and lifting the cap on fuel was the last straw. What's important to understand is that while Kazakhstan is incredibly rich in uranium and oil, its citizens don't exactly reflect the wealth generated by these natural resources, with the average citizen making around 570 dollars a month. As you can imagine, doubling the cost of a fuel source used by over 70% of the population was just widely annoying enough to get people up in arms, and as you might imagine, from anything within the soviet sphere of influence, things were about to get fucking insane. In the ensuing protests, over 10,000 people were arrested, over 300 police officers were wounded, and despite gas being twice as expensive, demonstrators were still able to damage or set fire to over 400 businesses. Since starting this series, we've covered an absolute shit ton of violent protests, but the violence in Kazakhstan was on another level altogether. By the time the smoke cleared, around a week later, the death toll rose to 227 people dead, making it more deadly than the Beirut explosion in August 2020. On January 7th, President Kasim Jomad Tokayev, who is somehow the country's second president ever, announced that he'd provided a shoot-to-kill order, meaning anyone who was protesting would be free game to be killed on site. The president justified this order by announcing that demonstrators were quote, bandits and terrorists, allowing the police force to open fire without warning. The situation eventually started to settle after the government eventually restored the cap on fuel prices for the next six months, and a number of key figures in the government either stepped down or were removed. Political commentators have mixed opinions on the unrest, with many speculating why it started and what it means for the region as a whole. Some believe the clashes were somehow a proxy struggle between President Tokayev and his predecessor, President Nursultan Nazarbayev. Others believe that the unrest was simply indicative of a recent trend of former Soviet states being rocked by social unrest, while one journalist from Brazil even speculated that it was the result of quote, a US Turkish-British-Israeli led coup d'etat. Very luckily, we at the SWAG News team have the luxury of not having to justify any of these claims, and it'll likely be the job of a sleep-deprived historian many years from now to determine why exactly she'd hit the fan, and if there really was a deeper reason beyond people wanting to afford to drive to work every morning. If you're watching this from 20 years from now, good job Jeremy, we all appreciate your contribution. In a collaboration with the Canadian Space Agency, European Space Agency, and NASA, the James Webb Telescope was successfully unfolded this month, following its nail-biting launch on December 25 last year. The telescope, which has taken a staggering 30 years to design and build, will be picking up where Hubble left off, as it's currently reaching the end of its expected lifespan. When comparing the two, the James Webb Telescope is around 100 times more powerful and much larger than its predecessor, coming equipped with a tennis court-sized sunshield to keep it cool enough for operation. In terms of what the telescope will be expected to observe, this is where things start to get pretty fucking insane. Because light has a fixed speed, and as the James Webb Telescope can see so much further than anything before, this allows scientists to see 13 billion years backwards in time. What this means, is that we'll soon be able to observe the very first galaxies in the universe, and how things were formed, shortly after the big bang. Another application is that it may be able to identify exoplanets, habitable worlds like Earth, which might one day be ripe for human colonization. This wouldn't necessarily be very detailed, as likely the best it could do, is find out whether a planet has an ocean, but at the very least, it leaves it marked for further study. As you're probably wondering, it's also been theorized that it could be used to detect signs of life, as by detecting what's in the planet's atmosphere, scientists could see if there's oxygen, or even alien made emissions. The fact the James Webb Telescope even left the Earth, is perhaps just as impressive as its capacity as a time machine. First expected to launch all the way back in 2007, the project has been bombarded with funding cuts, engineering problems, political hesitancy, and project management issues, which has delayed the launch countless times. Back in 2005, the expected cost of the project was estimated to around 500 million, however, with all these delays, and a full redesign, it eventually came out, to be worth 10 billion dollars, or roughly 14 percent, of what Xbox paid to buy Activation Blizzard this month. The good news however, is that because of its flawless launch, James Webb is predicted to have enough fuel to double its expected 10 year lifespan, and may even be hard at work unraveling the mysteries of the cosmos, for the next two decades. With any luck, we may soon be able to answer questions, like what is the meaning of life, are we alone in the universe, and what's the best way to transition into today's sponsor? If you're trying to remain invisible online, or just trying to watch region locked content, then you'll probably want a VPN. Surfshark VPN makes protecting your online privacy, and watching prohibited Netflix shows, easier than starting a revolution in a central asian country, and you can rest easy knowing, that your privacy will be infinitely more secure, than the Kazakhstan government. Gone are the days of having to watch a copy of the Simpsons movie, that your friend haphazardly filmed on his two year old blackberry, simply change your location to anywhere you like, and appreciate a whole cornucopia of new media to enjoy. Signing up with the code on screen, will give viewers an 83% discount, 3 months for free, and viewers who aren't 100% satisfied, can back out in the first 30 days, and get a full refund. Surfshark VPN, it's cheaper than the other ones. Meanwhile, China hires TikTok creators, to distract people from the nation's human rights violations, a South Korean man defects to the north, and a reptile considered to be the first snake with legs, turns out to be a lizard. We now come to the Caribbean nation of Haiti, and more specifically, the aftermath of the assassination of the president, on July 7th of last year, as a fun refresher, using funds suspected to be from a Florida based investment firm, and muscle hired through a Florida based private security company, a Haitian American man, by the name of Christian Emmanuel Sanon, attempted to overthrow the Haitian government. With the help of 28 foreign mercenaries, mostly from Colombia, they were able to disguise themselves as American DEA agents, surround the president's house in the dead of night, fatally shoot him 11 times, before getting the fuck out. Very few of the mercenaries would make it very far, as the majority were later tracked to a pair of buildings east of the city, which resulted in a shootout, leaving 3 dead, and 18 arrested. A handful of others were later arrested, while hiding in some bushes, while another 11 were taken into custody without bloodshed, in the city's Taiwan embassy. Christian Emmanuel Sanon, was later arrested, along with a handful of other conspirators, however, what's still unclear, is who exactly funded the operation in the first place. Following the assassination, Prime Minister Ariel Henry, was sworn in as acting president, which seemed to piss off everyone, as he was widely seen as cut from the same stock, as the unpopular president who was only recently assassinated. On the first of January this year, Mr. Henry himself survived an assassination attempt, when a firefight broke out between his security forces, and an unidentified armed group. The shootout resulted in one person dead, and two injured, and while it's unclear who was behind the attack, Mr. Henry's office, said in a statement, that quote, bandits and terrorists, were behind the attempt on his life, which seems to be a blanket term, for the types of people world leaders don't like. In the same spirit, and as the leader of the nation of Swagistan, I'd also like to declare anyone who dislikes this video, a bandit and terrorist as well. In all honesty, the assassination attempt was almost certainly gang related, as not only has acting president Henry been very vocal about his desire to crack down on organized crime, but gangs within Haiti are notoriously powerful. This month also saw the arrest of two more members of the mercenary group, with one getting detained in Miami on the 4th of January, and another later in the month, after he attempted to enter Jamaica illegally. Out of the estimated 28 mercenaries who carried out the assassination, there are now only three, who are currently on the run. On the incredibly unlikely coincidence, that one of the remaining three would like to share their side of the story, our source's email is in the description, right next to the Patreon link to support the channel. Wink wink. In other news, the archipelago of Tonga, located roughly 2000 kilometers north of New Zealand, experienced a massive volcano eruption this month, sending Ash and Avery, 32 kilometers into the air. According to much smarter people than myself, the hunger Tonga volcano eruption shot over three and a half thousand metric tons of sulfur dioxide into the air, an event which was very clearly visible by satellite. The eruption was so fucking enormous, that it was actually heard by people in New Zealand, and caused tsunamis that reached as far as the Pacific coast of the United States. Scientists estimate the eruption to be around 600 times more powerful than the nuclear bomb dropped on Hiroshima in World War II, and caused a shockwave on a scale not seen since that time your mother fell into the Pacific Ocean. Remarkably, the death toll for such an enormous explosion was relatively minimal, with only three people confirmed dead. With this in mind, infrastructure around Fiji, Tonga, and Samoa, have been crippled by the eruption, which has left beachfront homes in ruin, and undersea cables destroyed. Relief efforts from New Zealand and surrounding countries were quickly sent to these affected island nations, while the United Nations drafted a plan on how to best help countries affected. Professor Shane Cronin, from the University of Auckland, said that this was a once in a thousand year event for this particular region, and it's believed that the volcano has now fallen dormant. As viewers might be aware, when choosing which stories to cover each month, we tend to select the ones we feel are the most significant, or have a wider importance in the context of their content. We do however make exceptions if they're funny, which is why this story is from one of the funniest places on earth. Italy's top court has ruled in favor of a couple whose neighbor's toilet was keeping them up at night, finding that it violated the right to the free exercise of daily habits, established by the European Convention on Human Rights. If this sounds like nonsense Italian gibberish, what it essentially means is that the right of this couple to not have to hear their neighbor's toilet is now considered just as protected as their right to not be subject to torture or enslavement. To give more context to the decision, the legal battle was first brought to a lower court 19 years ago, when the couple who had been living in the apartment kept getting woken up by their neighbor's nighttime toilet usage. As it turned out, their headboard rested against a 9 inch wall, directly next to the apartment's water tank, which is bad news for the four brothers, who are deemed to be at fault for the building's construction. The brothers were ordered to pay the couple, the equivalent of 565 freedom bucks, for every year since the device was installed, totalling over 10 and a half thousand dollars, when adding up the 19 years of the legal battle. The case of the couple who had shitty sleep for 19 years, versus the Super Mario Brothers, took an unbelievable amount of time to be resolved, however, long court cases are very much commonplace in Italy. According to a report by the European Union, Italy has the least efficient justice system of any other nation in the EU, with courts taking an average of more than 500 days to reach even the first conclusion in a civil or commercial case. Appeals to the Supreme Court on the other hand, will keep the average Italian waiting 1300 days, which is around the time fans of Overwatch will be expected to wait for the sequel to finally be released. On a completely unrelated note, if the Italian Supreme Court could also look into the case of Doomfist mains, violating my right of having any semblance of fun while playing a support, I promise to stop making fun of your very silly country. Unless you're particularly in tune with the current events of the world, you'd be forgiven for not knowing how many coups take place on a regular basis. Brandon the writer wrote a whole piece on the aftermath of the Sudanese coup, which took place at the end of October, however, by the time I got my hands on the piece, there was another coup taking place in the country of Burkina Faso, a West African nation you've probably never heard of. With this in mind, Burkina Faso could be best described as a Delaware of Africa. Last year alone, there were coups in Sudan, Mali, Guinea, Myanmar, and even Jordan depending on who you ask, as well as attempts in Armenia and Nigeria. As much as the overthrow of a country is one of the sexiest topics to cover in a news show, they also tend to be boring as batshit to write about, as almost all of them cover the same pattern as if military strongmen the world over are following the meta guides of Fredo from your Overwatch. In many ways, even Stevie Wonder could have seen the Burkina Faso coup coming, as it's followed months of anti-government protests demanding the president's resignation. President Roshmash Christian Kabiray had only been re-elected as of November 2020, an election which his opposition claimed was corrupted by electoral fraud, however, as literally every fucking election we cover has the same fucking accusations, these claims are shaky at best. Outside observers considered the election fair, and the opposition couldn't produce any proof of election tampering, however, this doesn't mean there weren't problems. Due to violence and not so friendly groups such as Al-Qaeda and ISIS, nearly half the members of parliament were unable to campaign due to security risks, and as much as 17% of the population couldn't register to vote due to related instability. In fact, this instability is a huge reason for why the coup happened in the first place, as the one group in society tasked with dealing with these terrorist organizations, the military, had felt particularly neglected by the government. In one instance in November last year, a military base had sent out a distress message, asking for rations and additional equipment, and after two weeks of neither arriving, 50 military personnel were killed in an attack. As you might imagine, with 2000 people killed by these groups since 2015, and roughly 7% of the entire population displaced during this same time frame, many saw the coup as inevitable. Fast forward to the 23rd of January, and it was go time. Gunfires started to erupt in several military bases in the city's capital, which prompted President Cabaret to assure citizens that there definitely wasn't a coup in motion. A few hours later, and the president was reported to have been detained, after which, following the established matter, the military declared that the parliament, government, and constitution had been dissolved. The leader of the coup was found to be a man named Paul-Henrice Ndogo-Dameba, a 41-year-old graduate, from a prestigious French military academy, holder of the rank lieutenant colonel, and writer of the book, West African Armies and Terrorism, Uncertain Responses. As of time of writing, the international community has barely had time to form an opinion on the matter, the former president has handed in his resignation, and the capital has seen a large crowd celebrating the coup. The military leaders have stated that they wish to establish a reasonable time frame for holding new elections, however, your guess is as good as ours if that ever happens. With the news over, it's time for our usual announcements. Firstly, applications for positions for the secret project have now closed, and the shortlist has been chosen. A staggering 260 people applied for the positions, and with such a huge amount of people, we unfortunately had to turn down a lot of insanely talented applicants. We'd like to thank everyone who applied, because this was very much the most competitive round of applications we've received to date. Moving on, we are pleased to announce that over 11,000 people filled out our end of year survey last month, which produced some extremely helpful results. In terms of whether people preferred a real voice over text to speech, 80.9% of people said they preferred the text to speech voice, which was a whole 0.2% increase from last year. I'd like to think this would stop people from commenting that the majority of people would prefer otherwise, but we truly live in a flawed world. In terms of the length of the news, the majority of people had no preference, instead wanting each month to be dictated by the content. With this in mind, 20-30 minutes seems to be the sweet spot for most people. In terms of our level of bias, just over 69% of people claimed we had little to no bias at all, while 28% found the series to be slightly left-leaning. This was nearly exactly the same as last year, which leads us to believe this perception might be down to a few contributing factors. How we create the news is that I'll tend to rewrite stories using the submissions from the other writers, meaning whether it's written by me or another member of the team, everything is eventually filtered through my scopy the kangaroo brain. Over the three years of writing news, I've learned to become hyper aware of echo chambers, and I've customized my news feed to specifically take in news sources from all political spectrums in order to broaden my understanding of all emerging topics. This doesn't stop the fact that I'm Australian, and that the political middle is going to vary widely from country to country. For example, many in the United States would consider government-funded healthcare to be an extremely left-leaning idea, while in the United Kingdom, it's been supported by some of the most conservative prime ministers since the mid-1940s. Viewers who can point out why exactly we might have this slightly left-leaning perception are free to let us know in the description, as we're always trying to strike a good balance to represent all viewpoints. In terms of factual reporting, there was also very little change from the previous year, with our most common rating at a 9 out of 10. As some of the most reputable news outlets such as Bloomberg, the Associated Press, and Reuters aim to achieve a 9 out of 10 on their own factual rating, we count ourselves particularly happy with this feedback. When looking at the format of the news, 70% of viewers preferred our current monthly news series, and considering how long they take, I'm very fucking happy to cap this shit to once a month. Furthermore, over 90% of viewers either liked or were indifferent to the longer intro sequences we put together, and when asked about whether this channel should focus on gaming or news, 90% of respondents said they would prefer news. Perhaps not all that surprising, considering it was asked at the end of a news video. Similarly, the results for which series people liked the most was by far news without the bullshit, while everything else was pretty even overall. Lastly, in terms of Patreon rewards, the biggest request was behind-the-scenes content, followed by particularly dumb videos, meaning we now have a rough guideline on what exactly we can do to keep you generous bastards on board. Patreon gives us a lot of flexibility to spend so much time making the news, and gives us the incredible luxury of starting the much more ambitious projects that sometimes take months of research and editing to finally see the light of day, and we cannot thank people enough for helping us out. Speaking of which, we are only around 30 Patreon supporters away from the next milestone goal, which will be an open poll for viewers to suggest literally anything they want for us to make, and we do mean anything. As always, links to everything mentioned will be in the description, and on behalf of the entire team, we like to wish everyone a happy February of 2022.