As has become tradition, we'll begin with everyone's favorite virus. As of time of writing, the number of global confirmed cases is approaching 180 million, while total deaths are nearly 2 million. The podium positions for total cases and deaths remain unchanged. In recent weeks, the rate of vaccinations have slowed down in many western nations, with researchers and medical professionals in the United States in particular being vocally concerned with the decrease. While an estimated 55% of Americans have received at least one vaccination, it seems unlikely that the nation will be able to achieve the ambitious goal of 70% by July 4th. India on the other hand is still going through a rough period of infections, however it's fortunately seen a decrease in cases to only around 67,000 per day. Other nations experiencing a concerning rise in cases include Indonesia, Turkey and Russia. Following a few news headlines near the end of last month, we also wanted to look into the theory that the COVID-19 virus was made in a lab. Although widely rejected near the start of the pandemic for a myriad of reasons, the scientific community has become more open to the theory after Chinese officials have been less than cooperative with assisting investigation efforts. The theory mainly surrounds the Wuhan Institute of Virology, one of many such research facilities around the world that are used by smarter motherfuckers than myself to study viruses in a controlled environment. As counterintuitive as this might sound, these labs will often attempt to mutate viruses in order to study them more thoroughly and hopefully be more equipped to handle the kind of outbreak that's currently chokeslamming the world. The theory is that a mutated variant of a virus somehow escaped from containment due to some freak accident or breach of proper procedure, which led to the shit show that was 2020. From what we currently know, although there is evidence that such a chain of events could happen, there is currently no evidence that this is what occurred. Correlation doesn't amount to causation, and even when considering the oddities in the genetic makeup of COVID-19, these could just as easily be attributed to evolutionary mutations. An extension of this theory is that the virus was leaked purposely by the Chinese government for some kind of malicious intention, however, this is where we start getting into far less credible areas. Long time viewers would know that we tend to absolutely tank our position in the algorithm pretty often by talking about the fucked up actions of the Chinese government, however, this isn't one of those times. It's just really hard to believe that any government would release this shit in the same city as their institute of virology if they were trying to do this shit on the sly, and there's no fucking way that whatever the outcome they'd hoped to achieve would be worth a 45% decrease in their domestic economic activity. Ultimately, almost all evidence to suggest that COVID-19 leaked from a lab is entirely circumstantial, and until we know more about the origins of the virus, we can probably assume that a hungry Chinese man eating a Pokemon is just as likely as a lab in turn dropping some yummy coronavirus into their sandwich. Personally, I think the virus was started by Italian vampires in a plot to take over the FBI, hashtag see past the pastor. The mid-term Mexican elections took place at the start of this month, and much like their northern US neighbours at the end of last year, none of the articles covering them really gave a shit about the policies being proposed. In many ways, the two nations share somewhat of a flair for performative politics. One candidate, a former boxer, promises to fight for people as hard as he did in the ring, another literally came out of a coffin to start his campaign, stating that he should be buried alive if he doesn't fulfill his promises, and a social media influencer who seeks to become a member of Congress is running on a platform of making breast implants covered by the public health system. Over 21,000 positions in all three levels of government were subject to the will of more than 93 million voters, which as you might expect, left a lot of questions surrounding the future of the nation. Political stability is universally sought after by people from pretty much every walk of society, however, unfortunately, this is also true of the criminal element. It's no secret that organized crime has long held a powerful place in Mexican society, and crime groups, just as much as anyone, can suffer or flourish, depending on who holds office and their regions of interest. An assassination attempt on any current or hopeful elected government official is enough to make national news in almost any country across the globe, however, owing to the enormous power wielded by organized crime, this has become a daily occurrence within Mexico. According to a risk management firm, over 90 politicians have been assassinated within the country since the electoral process began, with nearly 800 other crimes being committed against them in the same period. The reason for so many attacks is because organized crime groups have a vested interest in having an understanding with the local authorities of a region. Elected officials have access to both public money and the police, both of which is a prized and essential resource for the criminal underworld. Criminal groups will often give the option of silver or lead, meaning those in office can either take bribes to cooperate, or face getting gunned down while crossing the street. One factor as to why organized crime groups are so comfortable in killing such an incredible number of public officials, is because Mexican judicial institutions have been so ineffective in solving the murders of these politicians, likely because they too have been given the choice of silver or lead. Regardless of the killings, the election still went ahead, however, it was still fucking insane having to read a BBC article on the results, only for the fourth line down to mention a severed head thrown into a polling station. The election itself was pretty standard, with the president remaining overwhelmingly popular, while also being accused of becoming increasingly more authoritarian. Just fucking once, I'd like to cover a story on how a world leader decided to return to monkey. The Tokyo Olympics With the Tokyo Olympics now less than a month away, a growing number of people in Japan question whether the event should go forward at all. A Japanese poll in April found that 69% of respondents wanted the Olympics cancelled or postponed, which climbed even higher to 83% when polled in early June. The Tokyo Olympic Games were initially planned to start in July of last year, however, this was of course moved forward by a year, after an unexpected attack by Godzilla, followed by the far less exciting Covid-19 virus. Unlike the French, who as far as we can tell, have based their entire society on smoking and protesting the government, the people of Japan tend to protest much less often than comparable nations around the world, so when people take to the streets in large numbers, things are already pretty serious. Along with this, over 10,000 Olympic volunteers have quit, hundreds of cities have backed out of hosting athletes, and hospital staff have started openly opposing the start date. Although this isn't to say that supporters within the country don't exist, with many reporting to media outlets that they've been afraid to voice their opinions and break the unified voice. These include many regular citizens, but especially government officials who have a vested interest in the games going forward, and the athletes themselves, who have trained five long years for their shot at the gold. Japanese freelance journalist Tashino Sasaki makes a case that the polarised issue within the nation is down to cultural factors. Sasaki points out that Japan's education system has a heavy focus on memorisation, as opposed to the exchanging of ideas, leading to a more divided population. Furthermore, athletes and celebrities in Japan are often expected to be apolitical, keeping such debate to others within society. Mr. Sasaki also mentions the perfectionist nature of the Japanese public, who in his eyes, have demanded an uncompromising zero tolerance toward failure. When looking at the data itself, the question of whether the games should go ahead, seemed to be more of a moral dilemma. A university in Tokyo conducted a simulation study, which estimated that at the current rate of vaccinations, the introduction of the roughly 100,000 foreign athletes and officials would increase the number of new cases within the country by 20. However, the real risk would be the rise in the flow of people within Japan as a whole, who would be encouraged to visit sports bars, or socially watch the events in an irregular setting. Should the flow of people rise as much as 6%, avoidable cases would rise to over 750. Although a comparably tiny number, especially when following the absolute shitshow of 2020, Japan's 2% average mortality rate would translate to roughly 15 deaths as a result of the games going forward, a number that many argue is still too high to ignore. Regardless of anyone's opinion on the matter, the Tokyo Olympics are almost certainly going ahead in July, as the Japanese government could risk very scary lawsuits from the International Olympic Committee should the games be cancelled. On a similar note, calls to cancel next year's Beijing Winter Olympics have also picked up traction over the Chinese government's continued human rights abuses. This is a topic for another time, because much like the millions of ethnic wegers in Chinese concentration camps, that story isn't going anywhere. We now move on to Kangaroo Land, which saw the second most requested story from the nation since the 2019 bushfires. The story in question revolves around the deputy premier of New South Wales, John Beralaro, and a man called Jordan Shanks. Mr. Shanks, better known as Friendly Jordies, is a comedian, political commentator, ex-male model, and Warhammer YouTuber, and in recent years, has become one of the loudest voices in anti-corruption in the country. The situation started a whole three years ago when Jordan released a video called Why Hunting is Good, which criticised Mr. Beralaro for voting against culling measures for wild horses within Australia. Jordan makes the point that not culling these invasive horses would subsequently lead to the extinction of 27 other native species, and highlights the fact that John Beralaro was paid around $10,000 by a horse-breather in order to vote against culling them. Fast forward to June 2020, and Jordan makes another video involving John Beralaro, and specifically, his part in the defunding of bushfire prevention, which contributed to the worst national emergency since World War 2. By July, Jordan had made national news, with John Beralaro publicly stating that his impersonation of him was very offensive and racist, owing to Jordan's depiction of his Italian heritage. Jordan was quick to respond that not only was his family from the same region of Europe, but Mr. Beralaro himself claimed to be publicly against political correctness. However, what Jordan found most surprising of all, is that the national news coverage of his channel was focused on his impersonation, and not that billions of native animals had been wiped out by the bushfires. Jordan subsequently decided that to stop his arguments from being ignored again, he would intertwine his points of debate into what John Beralaro found offensive, and thus Super Beralaro Bros was born. However, it was September 14th of 2020 when the feud reached new heights. In a video titled BRUHZ, Jordan goes through a number of damning allegations, including how he cut bushfire prevention by 27%, refused to vote to investigate water corruption, gave millions of taxpayer dollars to his friends, and voted against a bill to preserve the Kosciusko National Park. However, the cherry on top was that he filmed the entire video at Mr. Beralaro's holiday home, an estate, including three houses, and a man-made pond that he rented out on Airbnb. The video featured clips of him bathing in Mr. Beralaro's bathtub, sliding his greased up body across his floor, hiding a fun selection of Super Mario Bros merchandise around his house, and in his own words, That I've f**ked in both your guest houses. Jordan's escapades made national news again, and by the following month, he's contacted by a journalist for an official interview. Suspecting that the journalist had a personal or professional relationship with John Beralaro, Jordan employs the help of his producer, Christo Lanke, who tells a reporter that he wouldn't be allowed to talk to Jordan unless he answered whether or not he has a relationship with Mr. Beralaro. The journalist refused to confirm nor deny such a relationship. Months go by with Jordan making more John Beralaro-themed videos, like how he stole an Italian community center with an elaborate dead trap, or other videos starting with sentences like Here's a fresh allegation of you doing illegal sh** By the 3rd of May, 2021, Jordan releases a video entitled, Bruh's Eternal, where he reveals that Mr. Beralaro intended to sue him for defamation. Unfortunately for John Beralaro, Jordan was already quite experienced in getting sued for this exact thing only 2 years prior, getting sued by Australian billionaire, Clive Palmer. The YouTuber had previously made a 26 minute video making his legal case of why Mr. Palmer was a fatty mcfuckhead, and the Bruh's Eternal video would have to prove similar allegations toward Mr. Beralaro. Ultimately, Jordan would end the video by showing up to a university social event attended by Mr. Beralaro, where he would dress up as Luigi and ask him directly why he was being sued. By the end of May, Jordan releases a video explaining that although he still hasn't been served any legal documents, several news outlets appear to have specific details of the lawsuit, which seemingly confirmed John Beralaro's close relationship with the press. In early June this year, Jordan's producer Christo decides to call John Beralaro's lawyer to find out what exactly Jordan was being sued for, however, upon hearing his insistence to record the phone call, the lawyer hangs up. Jordan decides it would be best to physically visit John Beralaro's lawyer and get served in person, however, just before leaving his house, a representative comes to serve him instead. As Jordan's aim was to be personally served, he decides to disguise himself as an old Italian man to slip out unnoticed. Great success. He eventually does get served by John Beralaro's lawyer, but does so with a fake hand. The documents were now in his possession, but he and his team almost immediately find an error with the address of Mr. Beralaro, and the lawsuit could not continue until this issue was rectified. This is where things get dark, the day after, Christo the producer walks to his university with the documents in hand, planning to make copies to give to their potential lawyers. On the way back, Christo buys some insane coincidence spots Mr. Beralaro and figures it would be an excellent opportunity to hand him the documents to have the mistake corrected. Here's footage of that interaction. Hey John, I've got something for you. John, I've got a lawsuit, you're suing my boss. John? John? John? John? Later that day, plain clothed armed police officers visited the house of Christo and his family, resulting in a scuffle, leaving his mother on the ground, and Christo himself pinned and handcuffed. Before finally getting placed in an unmarked police car. Christo was eventually released on two counts of stalk and intimidate, intending to cause fear of physical or mental harm. Part of the bail conditions include being barred from contacting, approaching, or coming within 200 meters of Mr. Beralaro, not possessing or sharing any caricatures of Mr. Beralaro, and not participating in the publishing of content directed at Mr. Beralaro. Christo's lawyer commented that these were the weirdest bail conditions he'd seen in his entire career, however, a breach of which would potentially result in up to three years in prison. In a video published on the 14th of June, Jordan points out that the arrest must have been made under false information, as the police report had four discrepancies of the interaction. Perhaps the most unsettling part of all was that the arrest wasn't made by the police, but by a counter-terrorism unit, which critics argue is a gross misuse of its intended purpose. Arguably the highest profile critic of the case was former Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, who not only wrote an entire article highlighting the uneasy implications of such an event, but also donated directly to the team's legal fund. It's currently unclear where the court case is going to lead, but for the sake of free journalism and its essential pillar to any democracy, we can only hope that the judge sees it for its absurdity. Bitcoin has once again made headlines this month, continuing its trend of shattering any and all reasonable expectations. Viewers will of course recognize the cryptocurrency for its price rise from 8 cents in mid 2010 to over $60,000 only a few months ago. This month however, Bitcoin was able to break another milestone, as it's soon to be adopted as legal tender, in the South American country of El Salvador, the first nation on earth to do so. The reason for adopting arguably one of the most volatile currencies in existence is a mix between two factors. Firstly, El Salvador is a net importer of goods, meaning they take in more goods from other nations than they export goods of their own. The second factor is that El Salvador doesn't have its own national currency, and rather just uses the US dollar, presumably because they find Australian currency to be too flamboyant. What this means is that as more money is leaving the country than is being taken in, the nation will eventually run out of money. This wouldn't be a problem for most countries, as they could just crank up those money printers and make as much of the stuff as they wanted. However, because Uncle Sam is likely to fortunate son their arses if they even tried to print US currency, El Salvador figures Bitcoin could be used for international transfers in order to keep the country from running out of freedom bucks. Although the World Bank has declined to help the country in adopting its Bitcoin strategy, it's done little to discourage the government from going all in on the cryptocurrency. Bitcoin will be considered legal tender, just as legitimate as the US dollar, meaning that all businesses, from accountants to a McDonald's restaurant, will be legally required to accept it upon request. Bitcoin has often been criticized for its environmental impact, with crypto miners hoarding the newest and most powerful graphics cards in order to put them to work in the Bitcoin mines and stop Krusty the editor from getting the 3080 that he so desperately deserves. In fact, some experts predict that Bitcoin mining will collectively consume more power than the entire continent of Australia within only 3 years. The president of El Salvador, Naib Bukele, who literally looks like that gigachad meme, has addressed this concern with his own method of Bitcoin mining, proposing to harness the country's state-owned electricity firm, to literally harness the geothermal power of volcanoes, to power mining facilities. This fucking man is comparing the Virgin Money printer to the Chad currency forge. When he later faced criticism from financial regulators, who warned that Bitcoin was often used as a tool for money laundering and other illegal uses, he brushed off the comments entirely, stating that the US dollar is used for exactly the same thing. The US dollar is used for the same thing, but the US dollar is used for the same thing. However this could have the potential to change, depending on El Salvador's success. The US dollar is used for the same thing, but the US dollar is used for the same thing. The US dollar is used for the same thing, depending on El Salvador's success. The US dollar is used for the same thing, depending on El Salvador's success. The US dollar is used for the same thing, depending on El Salvador's success. Nearly five months have passed since the government of Myanmar fell into military control, with the nation not even halfway through its year-long state of emergency after the takeover. The newly formed illegitimate government of Myanmar is still sticking to their election fraud story for why they had to take control, and while we'd like to say that we could count on one hand the number of people who believe this, that would imply that a single person on planet earth could fall for such obvious bullshit. The sanctions from the United States in the middle of May seem to have done little to curb the violence in Myanmar, and although our sources from within the country insist tensions haven't escalated into a civil war, Myanmar is undeniably an incredibly hostile environment. What we can say is that militaries don't tend to air strike towns when they are not at war. On the 18th of June, the United Nations called for an arms embargo against Myanmar and condemned the military coup, and although 119 countries voted in favor of the embargo, both Russia and China, the nations where most of the weapons are coming from, decided to quietly abstain from voting. The leaders within the city of Yangon expressed his dissatisfaction for the outcome, saying, short of a global arms embargo, there is little we can do. The legitimately elected leader of the country, Aung San Suu Kyi, is still facing a bunch of kangaroo court bullshit, which is just a fun show that the military have made in an attempt to make their takeover look even slightly legitimate. The deposed leader has been accused of flaunting covid restrictions, violating campaign finance laws, and obtaining walkie talkies without a permit. Even if all of this were true, you're literally comparing a winner of a Nobel Peace Prize, to a military general, who has a whole Wikipedia section dedicated to corruption, another dedicated to a fairly recent genocide, and whose fragile ego is predicted to lead half the entire population into poverty by 2022. Arguably out of every single citizen in the entire country, he's still the worst person to have in charge. As the coup, tens of thousands of refugees have started fleeing the country, into neighboring states like Thailand and India. Those who remain are either forced to keep their heads down, or have gone from being regular citizens, to democratic protesters, to armed resistant soldiers in less than 5 months. Although lacking the firepower, these groups have managed to unite citizens from a wide variety of ethnic and religious backgrounds, because as it turns out, fighting for a free country is far more inspiring than fighting for someone so insecure they'd take over an entire nation after learning about their overwhelming unpopularity. The regular military on the other hand, has been facing a huge wave of defections, which has only been slowed by the threat of soldiers' families being held hostage. Our source told the Swag News team, they keep the soldiers' wives and children in military compounds, and if one soldier dies, his wife is given off to another. The end of this month's Myanmar peace also marks the end to our source within the country, who's been able to flee to a redacted location to take up a redacted occupation. We wish our Gen Z wonderboy all the best. Unrest in Colombia has continued to evolve in new and exciting ways this month, with protests over an unpopular tax reform starting in late April, now warping into a movement seeking equality. The Colombian city of Cali especially has seen some particularly violent clashes, and many of the protesters have even taken over an old police station, declaring it an autonomous zone. As a fun fact, the Seattle autonomous zone, which was formed over the police reform protests last year, was set up almost exactly a year beforehand. Although these protests are some of the largest in Colombian history, they haven't been as unifying as many similar movements we tend to cover. Colombia has had enough wars and revolutions, for even a nation like France, to think they should chill the fuck out, and following a particularly divisive president in the early 2000s, the country has remained politically divided into the present day. Reports of the protesters on the ground, and from Colombians who reached out to us directly, varied wildly depending on their political affiliation, so let's talk about what we found. Supporters of the protesters have pointed to the nation's status as the second most unequal nation in South America, with many of those on the streets, believing that democratic means of change simply haven't worked to improve their lives. One protester on the ground said, we don't want handouts, we want to be treated with dignity, and have opportunities. On the other hand, other people we talked to, believed that the protesters were violent by nature, and in their words, sought to selfishly turn the nation upside down, for their own self interests. What's certainly clear, is that the clashes have sparked serious concern from anyone who gives a slightest shit about human rights. In a report released on the 28th of May, the UN voiced deep concern for the Colombian city of Cali, and although up to date figures were hard to come by, Human Rights Watch placed the number of deaths at 63 as of the end of May, while the amount of disappearances is anywhere between 500 to 1000. When interviewed about the current state of affairs, the Colombian defense minister claimed that the reports of disappearances are false, and even doubled down by calling the national strikes a conspiracy, and that the deaths are merely isolated incidents of street fights. What this leads us to believe, is that either the street fighting epidemic has reached a critical mass in Colombia, or the defense minister is bullshitting about one of the most filmed events in the history of the entire country. Viewers are as always, free to make up their own minds. It seemed South America caught voting fever this month, as Peru was also experiencing an election, not without its own controversy. The position of presidency is a toss between candidate Pedro Castillo and Kiko Fujimori, the latter of which is the daughter to previous president, Alberto Fujimori. Hector Fujimori, a controversial figure in Peruvian politics, was described as a dictator by political commentators, and after 10 years in office in the 90s, was forced to flee to Japan, amid a scandal involving corruption and human rights abuses. He would later be caught and sentenced to 25 years, where he remains to this day. Shifting back to his daughter, this election is an all or nothing shot for Kiko Fujimori, as winning would mean the ability to pardon her father, while losing would mean she'd be sent to prison for corruption and money laundering. I'm not certain whether we should talk about why she isn't already in prison, or the fact that she can just pardon blood relative dictators, but I guess that's just how shit works in Peru. Not fearing the consequences of jail time, Mrs Fujimori has decided to follow the trend of corrupt motherfuckers, baselessly claiming that the election is fraudulent, and demanding that just enough votes are discounted to let her sneak in a victory. This election especially, will likely have a heavy and lasting influence on the future of Peru, as not only has the nation been the hardest hit country in the world per capita, but out of its last 10 leaders, 7 of them are currently serving jail time for corruption charges. As of time of writing, it's unclear which of the two parties, representing either right wing populism or self proclaimed socialism, will win the presidency, however, both candidates have promised to respect the outcome of the election. With a string of dodgy leaders, and a devastating public health crisis, this election could do a lot to shape the future of Peru, so hopefully whoever wins, truly has the interests of the Peruvian people in mind. With another month of news down, we'd like to thank all viewers, contributors, and of course Patreon supporters, for making the video possible. With the Youtube meta recently changing again, it seems to give quite substantial benefits for safer videos, while burying some of the content we make, involving admittedly more heavy topics. Monthly news has only become longer and more complex as the months go by, so I mean this when I say, thank the ever living fuck for you glorious degenerates, who donate to keep this shit running. On behalf of me, and the rest of the news team, we'd like to wish everyone, a happy July, of 2021.