just gotten word on some breaking news a series of concentric circles have begun emanating from this glowing red dot in the big blue area over my left shoulder the circles are colliding with the multiple green misshapen objects approximately two inches away from the pulsating dot joining us now is a concentric circle expert can you tell our viewers at home what we are seeing yes we often see colorful round shapes like this when concentric circles spread outward so no exception in this case let's take a look at this orange yellow tan and blue spherical object well these bands of color are definitely orangey redder and yellower than any circles I've seen so far today can you tell us how long you think this might continue when you're dealing with concentric circles you are usually dealing with a pattern that repeats itself on and on so they can continue indefinitely is there a chance that these various colored bands could trigger rows of little human being shapes like we saw back in 2004 it's not only possible it's probable when you are dealing with colors and shapes of this magnitude they are often followed by at least a small row of human figures and how about those squiggly lines appearing on the outer edges of the little green things especially that long skinny one there yes they are a result of the concentric circles hold on green shows expanding enormous ly do you see the severity is increasing we just heard a loud wind like sound from an is eternal joining us now live from that southernmost green misshapen object was the voice of an on-scene reporter and an image of a telephone unseen reporter can you describe what you are seeing there in the green long shaped thing it's chaos before the street rubble is everywhere up three color of the squiggly lines what do you see any concentric circles on scene reporter on scene do we have the on scene reporter well the telephone image seems to have disappeared expert in a suit is this something to be expected yes a second set of concentric circles often follows the first by a short period of time all right we have to take a short break now but we will continue our coverage of this story as more shapes appear but next up our economic expert will discuss today's big downward slant on this jagged line we'll be right back
the city of Folsom California in a sad ceremony today honored those who will die in the imminent Folsom dam disaster Brian Scott has the story the Folsom dam has been a Sacramento Valley landmark for over half a century but since a spillway gate began to leak four years ago the dam has become a symbol of doom for the hundreds perhaps thousands of souls who will be consumed in its own rushing waters but this year the Sacramento County government finally decided to act budgeting 20 thousand dollars to construct a memorial for the victims of the inevitable tragedy this disaster will have been preventable all of the warning signs are here now yet no one will got anything about it unveiled at a ceremony today the Folsom disaster remembrance statue is intended to provide comfort for those who are about to lose their family members friends or even their own lives in the disaster I only wish that there was some way to avoid this terrible tragedy that didn't require so much funding the memorial is built on high ground overlooking the dam so that it won't be swept away along with the rest of the town and its citizens it was designed by Japanese artist Keiko Tottori this memory is a classic American style because jisu to be historic that's not resting the memorial will be etched with the names of the victims once they're killed one name has already been added Dennis Munoz a civil engineer who works in the dams control tower and will undoubtedly be the first to be killed by the 80 billion tons of water when the structure bursts memoria will be the place remember Danis my grave won't matter because they're not gonna find my body the memorial was designed to accommodate 500 aims after considering the number of homes in the area and the average traffic on nearby route 10 I will take the full responsibility for the tragedy when it happens I am tendering my resignation effective the day the dam finally breaks I think once the massive death toll becomes apparent I will end my own life but well I have done the memorial can also be altered to include up to 2,000 names in the event that the disaster occurs during the annual fulsome Jazz Festival for The Onion News Network I'm Brian Scott our prayers will go out to each and every one of the victims
Pakistani officials are expressing outrage following what many of the international community are calling the brutal and un-justified use of Hillary Clinton against their nation. Secretary of state Clinton hit Islamabad at approximately nine AM yesterday, as most civilians were starting their work day or attending morning prayers. Just hours after Clinton arrived, the UN released a statement condemning The United States, saying ''Under no circumstances is there ever a justification for the preemptive deployment of Hillary Clinton anywhere by any country.'' Joining us now is Pakistan’s ambassador to The United States, Hasam Amdiri. Thank you for being here Mr. Ambassador. Preliminary figures we have here are showing over 5,000 civilians suffered the full force of Mrs. Clinton, and over a thousand more may have suffered some exposure to her inflexible hair and pseudo-folksy hand gestures. It's horrible. Innocent women and even children had to endure her stiffly rehearsed stories about farmers she met who inspired her. She was even sent into a hospital. - That's awful. Mr. Obama clearly regards our people as beneath human dignity, to have unleashed such a woman upon us. - The Red Cross has set up camps just across the Afghan border for the tens of thousand of refugees who fled their homes to avoid Mrs. Clinton. - They were the lucky ones. Many more were trapped inside the Clintonized area, and could not escape her clumsy attempts to relate to them. - So people were caught completely unaware? I'm afraid so. The Hillary Clinton warning sirens sounded just a few minutes before she hit. It was too late for most people. They had to endure her cacophonous fake laughter. I'm just getting word that the White House has released the following statement: ''We reserve the right to use Hillary Clinton in situations where all other options have failed.'' Mr. Ambassador, this sounds like a threatening tone. It is horrible, the world must unite against this act of naked aggression. Let a thousand Hillary Clintons rain down upon those responsible for this. Alright Mr. Amdiri, thank you very much for joining us. Thank you. - Intelligence reports have indicated that Pakistan is developing its own Hillary Clinton, and that a Nida Alvi, a stiff, humorless provincial representative, could be ready to use against a major U.S city as soon as 2011. Moving on, medical researchers are close to finding another cure for Erectile dysfunction.
A warehouse burns to the ground. Police say it was a simple accident, an open and shut case. But was it? Or was this a crime, carried out by a pervert turned on by the smell of smoke and the gentle crackle of fire eating through wood? A sexual arsonist. RAW JUSTICE When this Birmingham warehouse went up in flames at 3AM one morning last year, investigators were quick to point to the stack of unresolved fire code violations issued to the building. The fire was an accident. It was not intentional. It was not arson. It was nothing of the kind. It was unintentional. It was an accident. But, did police prematurely rule out the possibility that the fire was the work of a twisted sexual psychopath, bent on getting his rocks off while watching the building burn? Dr. Jean Weiss is a psychologist. Someone trained to get inside the mind of a sexual arsonist. Is it possible that a pervert, with a neurotic fixation on hot licking flames, could have started this fire? People can have sexual obsessions with just about anything. And statistically, are the rarest of obsessions, those most overlooked by police? I suppose that's possible. - More than possible. Investigators contend the doors of the warehouse were locked and hot not been tampered with. But a sexual arsonists, driven mad with yearning for the stinging of sparks upon his naked genitals could easily have gotten a ladder to reach the fourth story windows. And used a grappling hook to lower himself inside. Safely on the main floor of the warehouse, did he run past the supposedly suspect chemicals, exposed wiring and jerry-rigged gas line, knowing that it would serve as a perfect cover for his macabre sex bonfire. Once his bizarre pyre was complete, he would have struck a match to set it ablaze. And as the soft husky scent of ash filled his lungs, he grabbed his penis, surrendering to the roaring flames, brushing against his skin like a silk dress. The evidence confirms it. A statement from a gas station employee, who said he heard, "a loud boom" at around 3AM the night of the fire. Isn't it likely that the noise was an explosion set by the sexual arsonist? To mask his squeals of ecstasy as he stroked his chaffed member one last time shooting his seed into the fire. We asked police, but they wouldn't respond to our questions. Citing a complete lack of evidence that anything like that occurred. They even refused us access to the warehouse scene. Where copious puddles of ejaculate, glazing the charred floorboards, will no doubt be left to crust and flake away with time. This case may be officially shut, but take head fire loving sicko, in hell, the flames will be too hot, even for you. STILL AHEAD: MISS AMERICA CONTESTANT FROM EAST DAKOTA FINALLY DISQUALIFIED.
In a bold move today, President Obama announced he will try to negotiate with the raging wildfire, which has so far burned over 14 thousand acres in California. This morning, White House Deputy Press Secretary, Brenda Inglett announced the President is confident he can convince the flames to stop incinerating everything in their path. The President plans to make the wildfire understand that our difficulties are shared difficulties. Not man against fire. But man and fire working out their differences. President Obama is already en route to Santa Barbara County where he will be shuttled into the maw of the inferno. Here to talk about what this means is Jason Copeland from politico.com. - Hi Dan. Jason, this fire has burned over 300 homes so far. It's growing larger by the hour. What is Obama's strategy here? - Well, look. You know, previous administrations have immediately resorted to putting wildfires out. But this is a different president. And he just didn't think that a combative approach with hoses and axes would be the best way to solve this crisis. But Jason, so far the fire has refused to acknowledge any of the overtures the President has made. - Yes. Obama sent a letter requesting it cease its destruction. And the fire apparently incinerated it without even reading it. That's true. But I mean, look. Politically, this is a stroke of genius, I think. The most powerful man in the world is offering an olive branch to this petulant fire and the fire looked pretty bad here. Childish even, burning it up like that. And Obama is also going to present the fire with a gift. A charred table leg from the White House that was torched by the British in the War of 1812? That's exactly right. As the President said in a recorded statement, "Fire has a complex, beautiful, and at times, destructive history. But we would be remiss if we did not recognize its unique ability to create as well." Yes. And that must have been the idea behind all of those photo ops with the various fires over the past few days while the wildfire was destroying homes. - I think it was. But Jason, Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton's meeting with the fire two days ago was considered a total failure. Well, it certainly didn't go well. - And then there are a lot of conservatives who aren't convinced we should even be approaching the fire. Here's what Wendell Mack had to say on his syndicated radio show this morning. Obama puts fire first. You know, some people say, "Wendell, you're crazy." It's not like he gets up in the morning and thinks, "What can I do to help fire?" Well, you know what, folks? I'm not so sure he doesn't. And what do you make of that, Jason? Well, look. As Obama has said, himself, numerous times, if he wanted to, he could talk to the clouds and get them to unleash a great big rainstorm upon the wildfire. But that's not this president. It's going to require all of the President's diplomacy skills to make the fire see that putting itself out is what's best for both parties. - Alright. Thank you Jason Copeland. - Thank you Dan. Later in the hour we'll look at the rumors sweeping the internet that Obama himself,  is born of fire. Moving on, a new report finds extra marital affairs cause happiness in scientists. STILL AHEAD: U.S. SIGNS UP FOR DO NOT TERRORIZE LIST TO STOP UNWANTED BOMBINGS.
Tragedy in the Heartland today as a 17-year-old honors student burned alive after being hit by an out of control speeding car. A grizzly death only TV host Glenn Beck could deserve. According to police, a car driving over 70 mph in a 25 mph zone struck young Rebecca Bunten as she was bicycling down a quiet street in Olathe, Kansas, shattering her rib cage, and not Glenn Beck's. Tragically pinning her legs, not his, to a retaining wall. Calvin Dale lives just a few blocks from the scene of the accident. I heard screaming, and I thought it was just someone doing an accurate impression of Glenn Beck talking normally, but then I saw the smoke. EMT Craig Anton was first on the scene. I jumped out of the ambulance. I ran to the wreckage to make sure that the victim was still breathing or else was Glenn Beck. At this impromptu vigil friends said Rebecca was a lively girl with a bright future. A good friend who hated Glenn Beck and loved to dance. She was just a normal kid. She wasn't some fat, dumb Mormon fuck face who should have drank herself to death when she had the chance. She was so beautiful. She didn't even have little pig eyes. Among those expressing their grief and confusion was the victim's mother. There's no harder thing than to have Glenn Beck outlive your child. I would give anything for this to have happened to Glenn Beck instead. Glenn Beck... The terrible tragedy hits especially hard following the Rottweiler mauling of someone besides Glenn Beck in Milwaukee yesterday, and the revelation the Glenn Beck was not the man trampled to death at a street carnival in Rio De Janeiro Sunday. Moving on, Reebok has introduced a line of full-bodied sneakers. STILL AHEAD: UNCIVIL LIBERTIES UNION SUES FOR RIGHT TO TAKE A CRAP IN PUBLIC 
There was a little hiccup yesterday at the White House after President Obama's home teleprompter reportedly malfunctioned during a family dinner. Onion News Network Washington Correspondent Jane Carmichael joins us now with more. Jane, tell us what exactly happened over there? Well, last night in the middle of a conversation with Malia about raising her allowance Presdient Obama's home teleprompter suddenly went blank. He sort of froze mid-sentence, but after a few seconds of silence Obama was able to pull up his prepared remarks from memory. So, it didn't differ at all, basically, from the copy of the dinner conversation that it had sent over to reporters before hand? That's right, it was almost verbatim. He hit all the points about Malia needing to get at least a B in math and trying to get onto the soccer team, just in a different order than they were written. Well, White House Deputy Press Secretary Brenda Inglett briefly addressed this error today. Let's take a look. The President has hundreds of conversations everyday and it simply isn't feasible for him to memorize the text for every single one. The prompter is really just a tool to help the President to speak, blink, and breath. Obama is always open about the fact that he works with a team of talented writers on every remark he makes. Yes, absolutely the prompter just helps make sure he doesn't say the wrong thing at any point every. Exactly. He would write his conversations himself but he is just too busy. - He is the President. He does make sure, though, to look over and edit any asides or off-hand remarks he didn't personally script. Of course, you know Jane, it seems like the President has gotten better at using the teleprompter since the campaign. - Yes, he sure has. - Remember that pumpkin patch incident before the election, when the wind blew the prompter over in the middle of picking pumpkins with the girls. That's right, causing Obama to fumble around awkwardly, drop the pumkin he was holding, and refer to Sasha as Jennifer. And, there was the CAPS Lock incident. Oh, yes. Obama nearly shouted himself hoarse over the course of that speech. There were various mix ups where teleprompter operators displayed the wrong lines. Once it caused him to say, "I played a little basketball myself in high school," after sampling a piece of Cape Cod salt water taffy. -The GOP had a field day with that one. - It was awful. Obama was furious about it. He had his staff put a long angry rant into the teleprompter for him to scream at them. - I remember that. But, you know also, Jane, we should point out that Obama is not the first president to use scripted interactions. Ronald Reagan was known for using que cards, for instance. Yes, that's exactly right. And, of course, Joe Bidden is known for reading his remarks off of his arm, where he has written them in magic marker. Exactly, right. Well, Jane thank you so much for that report. - We appreciate it as always. - Thank you Ana. Far from caving to criticism the president has increased his reliance on the teleprompter, sending it alone on low-priority diplomatic meetings and photo opps. Well, right after the break we'll talk to a Philadelphian who knows all the best places to get murdered. Still ahead this hour: Real-life 'Transformer' electrocutes child. 
And finally some good news on the ongoing drug trafficking crisis along the Mexican boarder. Today in testimony before the House Committee on the Judiciary, the DEA revealed it has achieved remarkable success with its latest initiative sending rapper Lil Wayne to Mexico to use up all the drugs. Immediately upon deployment, Lil Wayne locates all the narcotics in the area, and depletes the supply within hours. Operation Weezy F. Baby has been an unparalleled success. Lil Wayne has already gotten a 40 tons of marijuana, 27,000 kilos of cocaine,  and 2,000 kilos of heroine off the streets and into his body. Mexican official say they expect Lil Wayne to completely wipe out the nation's drug problem by the end of next month. He is the weapon Drug Enforcement Agencies have been searching for: a living vacuum cleaner of drugs. I personally watched him snort a pile of cocaine as tall as a man. This operation is expected to cost over $2 billion for pipes, lighters, rolling papers and replacement diamonds for Lil Wayne's teeth. DEA officials said video field reports from Lil Wayne show he is continuing to take in huge amounts of drugs on an hourly basis. It did take off my mother fucking pinky ring and my Bently, my bright light, drive by while I say, sparkling under bright light. Lil Wayne's drug stopping capabilities are in his own words, "Rare, like Mr. Clean with hair". Mexican officials have already commissioned a mural in Mexico City as a gesture of thanks to Lil Wayne and all he's done for the nation. This is the most wide spread government use of a celebrity since the 2004 Republican National Convention when Christina Aguilera was shot into crowds of protesters to disperse them. Coming up next, the White House has announced the President is in the mood for a parade. Still ahead this hour: Yamaha donates 2,000 Waverunners to bored flood victims. 
Onion News Network Happening Now If you are just joining us we are covering a developing story. We go back now to Southern California where a VH1 bus crashed just a short while ago spilling more than 2,000 pounds of slut onto Interstate 5, near Palmdale. The bus was transporting contestants for the new VH1 reality series, The Road to Knoxville, in which 18 scantily clad young women  vie for the heart of divorced stuntman Johnny Knoxville. Officials there are struggling to control the scrud of slut, which has already polluted the roadway and is spreading now down a hillside into residential areas. Let's go live to Onion News Network's Brian Scott who is live on the scene. Brian, what exactly is going on out there? Well, it is just horrible, Ana. The highway here was not pristine to begin with, but now it is covered in all of this orange-skinned slut. I have only been here an hour I've already seen four 3-way-kisses and six tattoos with misspellings.  And downwind the stench of perfume and tequila mixed together is pretty difficult to stomach. It sounds like quite a scene. Brian I understand the sluts had been loaded onto the bus in Huntington Beach early this morning,  Is that right? - That is where it began. Yes, the sluts were being transported from a negligee-wearing rock-climbing contest there to a girl-on-girl paintball match when the crash occurred. There has been speculation in fact that the accident was actually caused by some slut coming into the front cab of the vehicle and getting on the driver. - I see. The local fire department is just not equipped to handle something this toxic. The problem is we're very close to the San Gabriel River and officials are concerned that the sluts might go skinny dipping in it or think it's a hot tub and make out in it. We should say too that the crews are doing their best, they're just trying to keep these sluts contained with impromptu strip-offs and shooter contests in the ditch behind me. Now we have just gotten word that VH1 has issued a statement, it is on their website, it says they are fully committed to the safe handling of sluts. Yes, but the EPA has urged VH1 to use perhaps a more diluted form of slut than this highly concentrated slut they use now. Sounds like good stuff but I don't think VH1 will ever go for that. Brian stay safe out there and don't fuck any of those sluts. - Alright. Thanks, Ana. Moving on - A new Apple laptop will come preloaded with a half-written coming-of-age novel. Still ahead this hour: Toby Keith releases new song designed specifically for torturing detainees. 
152 Languages 811 Countries 9 Billion Viewers ONN International Democratic Republic of the Congo The worldwide financial crisis has hit us all hard, but help is on the way. Earlier today, Parliament approved an economic stimulus package that will provide every Congolese citizen with an AK-47. Lawmakers designed the stimulus package to create jobs in the fastest growing sectors of the economy: contract killing, kidnapping and highway banditry. This isn't a simple handout. It will create jobs for years to come, as long as ammunition is available. I lost my job as a civil engineer five years ago. With this stimulus package, I can kill the man who took it. The first assault weapons were mailed out this week. To help the little guy. Now we can go to the garbage dump to rummage for building supplies without worrying about the rebels raping us to death. Now I am my own boss. Economists have praised the plan. It is a great plan. Those who survive it will have a much high standard of living. The stimulus may be so beneficial we'll be able to start exporting violence. When we return we'll have some tips for using your stimulus package to get a wife. Moving on, Star Wars the Phantom Menace hits theaters this week.
After encountering resistance from the Obama administration, cognac maker, Hennessy has agreed to pull a series of ads starring Vice President Joe Biden. The $28 million campaign sought to link Hennessy to the Vice President's suave, original personality. When the campaign was announced, a Hennessy spokesperson said Biden's sly, trademark grin and  international playboy status made him the perfect face for the luxury brand. This new campaign will finally put a spotlight on the cool and original style that is the nations Vice President. Sensual. Powerful. Biden. But insiders say, many in the White House felt the ads, several of which feature the married Biden in dance club settings surrounded by young women, should be discontinued. Hennessy announced today it would comply with the requests, indefinitely delaying the release of more Biden ads. Biden was great to work with.  We really just put a camera on him and let him do his thing. A lot of us over here at Hennessy have learned a lesson from him on how to live our life to its smoothest. Speaking yesterday to the New York Times the vice president said that he had, "A blast working on the slick project with all those classy heads. Biden was definitely in the building." But today a representative for the vice president offered a statement of apology on Biden's behalf. The Vice President never imagined the ads would be a problem. But if some people are going to be bothered by what someone else chooses to do in their free time, OK, he understands. His bad. The vice president is set to appear opposite Rosario Dawson in the direct to DVD, drama, Desire. Due out next week. This is the biggest vice presidential advertising scandal to hit the White House since 2005, when then vice president, Dick Cheny, was forced to step down as the spokesperson for an industrial strength weed killer. Coming up, a major Mexican drug cartel signed an exclusive deal with Zip Lock, today. STILL AHEAD: GOLF TAKING SIX-MONTH HIATUS AS TIGER WOODS DEALS WITH PERSON ISSUES. 
John and Mary Elgis seem like a match made in heaven. But appearances can be deceiving. The tall, handsome husband to whom Mary swore, "'Til death do us part," would murder her. But not before having sex with her body more than 1000 times over ten years. Officials said it was a crime of passion, related to the Elgis's recent financial woes. We believe that he has become despondent recently over the financial situation of his household. And that this murder is a direct result of that. But the police and the headlines only tell part of the story. John Elgis's crime had begun years ago. He used Mary's body for sex one to three times a week starting on their very wedding night in 1998. John Elgis was so ego mad, he would frequently parade his sex prisoner out in public. Taking her to the movies, restaurants and church. Taunting her with whips of freedom. Shockingly, police and the Elgis's neighbors missed all the signs of the decade long sex murder. They were just a nice, normal couple. And did you ever hear noises from the house? Well, sometimes I heard the radio. -To cover up the screaming. Inside this normal looking house, was John Elgis's sex kingdom. In the kitchen, where he would eventually murder her, John would have Mary prepare him sumptuous meals. He would force the captive Mary to listen to his rambling anecdotes about his job. Sometimes, John would flex his power over her demanding, she tell him about her day as well. Sometimes they would watch TV. Then John would drag Mary upstairs and into his sex dungeon to defile her. Haunting music, strange plants, candles and books were the weapons in Johns arsenal of perversion. But this grotesque tale gets even sicker. John Elgis sired offspring by his captive sex slave. The child was stored in a room in John Elgis's home, steps from Daddy's bedroom sex vault. Mary Elgis died in her kitchen. One merciful blow to the head, ending her long sexual torture. Most likely she died mid coitous, as John raped her. Police say John was giving first aid to Mary when they arrived, undoubtedly regretting that he had just destroyed his favorite sex toy. John Elgis is gone now, serving six years for involuntary manslaughter. But this community is still reeling following the discovery of this coital boogeyman. A stark reminder that twisted sex dungeons can exist anywhere. For Raw Justice, I'm Dean Reid. STILL AHEAD: MICHAEL BAY TO DIRECT FILM BASED ON POPULAR "AVATAR" TOYS
this week the world's major auto manufacturers had convened at the Montreal International Auto Show the focus of the annual Auto Show is innovation now here to discuss the future of the auto industry Jeff Carlile of GM Daniel Grossman of Ford and Sean Yamashita of Toyota mr. carlyle what can American consumers look forward to from GM a lot of exciting things Brandon we're introducing a new line of hybrid cars uh now with any of these cars fly well no but what's exciting about these cars is the increased fuel efficiencies we're getting from them how will flying in the air affect that efficiency well these cars are not going to fly but what excuse excuse me up mr. Yamashita how far lower Japan's flying car projects well we have no plan to make flying car however we are very proud seeing some footage here but mr. Carlyle when will GM begin releasing cars like these these are movies you know that right yes is it an issue of funding no it's an issue reality flying cars dis aren't real that's that's one thing in our new 2009 Ford Focus we have the sync feature which will allow you to play your ipod over the cars award-winning audio files sound system but not during takeoff and landing I assume what the cars will not fly studies have shown that flying cars are just not feasible the smallest software glitch could result in fatalities of no not to mention the problem with weather if it were a cloudy day a holiday you look at the screen here gentlemen can you give us a ballpark date when scenes like this will be possible if not commonplace mr. Yamashita no we don't we don't plan to make flying cars i I cannot stress that anymore but surely you have written in flying cars in your secret lab and can describe the experience I do not have a secret lab mr. Grossman is this a chance for the United States to maybe jump ahead of the Japanese in this in this industry we were we are not going to have flying cars I don't even know why you're persisting with this line of questions we do not we have no interest margins and what the color it doesn't matter we're not going to fly coral it seems the jury is still out on flying cars next up a study of Botox
The White House is scrambling to do damage control after the President was caught lip synching a speech at the University of Michigan yesterday. Let's look at the footage. Providing quality affordable health insurance in this country, our health care system that's sucking up all the money We have... It was too bad because it happened right before he got to the part about how the power for change rests with every American. That's always my favorite part. He's just gotten too big and this just shows that. He hasn't really done anything good since the Democratic National Convention anyway. The White House seemed to bungle their official response. An hour after the event they released a statement claiming the incident was caused by a feedback problem that made it appear that the President's voice was out of time with the movement of his lips. However, two hours ago, White House Deputy Press Secretary Todd Grant changed the story admitting that Obama had in fact been using a recorded speech track. Look, there are lots of world leaders that do this sort of thing. They may not admit it but the practice is actually fairly common. He recorded that vocal track. It's him everybody was hearing. Technically he was giving the speech. Shortly after the press conference president Obama posted a hastily written apology on WhiteHouse.Gov in which he cited enormous pressures and "personal issues I am dealing with right now." Speaking before reporters today German Chancellor Angela Merkel called Obama's performance "disappointing" . He's scheduled to speak at the same time as Gordon Brown at Climate Fest next week. Now I might check out Brown instead. And today an Onion News Network investigation uncovered an exclusive video which appears to show President Obama speaking without pre-recorded audio at a commencement ceremony last June. Now, some graduating classes have marched into this stadium in easy times. Times of peace and stability. When we call on our graduates simply to keep things going and don't screw it up. Despite the controversy, Obama has stated he will not be altering the schedule of his upcoming tour opening for the Black Eyed Peas. And will also continue performing speeches under a side project alter ego professor Thaddeus Buzz. In other news from Washington the White House has confirmed rumors that the state of Wyoming seceded three months ago.
And now in a desperate attempt to fill 24 hours of programming, here's some bullshit that happened somewhere today. We've got some footage here of the bullshit which began just after 3 o'clock this afternoon when residents in this neighborhood were shocked to see this fairly common thing happening. An attractive witness described the event in breathless terms. I went to my window and I was like wo, there's some bullshit happening. It happened right over there. I'm an older man, so you can trust what I say. Authorities in special uniforms rushed to the scene to stand around while our cameras filmed them. Our reporter Keith Collins joins us now live from the scene of the bullshit through the use of expensive technology. Good to be with you again Keith, we have a colorful graphic here that shows instances of bullshit like this are on the rise, is that right? -Yes, although why is unclear. Some say it's because of one fucking reason, others say it's because of some other fucking reason. I talked to this random expert on this subject who told me this thing you're about to hear him say, right after he points at a piece of paper. I spent my entire life attending the nation's most prestigious schools to talk about bullshit like this. I'm really just happy to be on TV. Now let's see if we can drag this out a little longer by showing emails written by some of our viewers. I once saw some stuff kind of like the shit you're talking about happen, I have nothing more to add. Another person says I am angry that things like this happen. I get mad about every bullshit thing I see. So obviously a lot of opinions there to make this story seem somewhat meaningful. -Oh absolutely Glen, this bullshit has some broader implications. Here's a list of tips on how to avoid bullshit happening to you. And here's some footage of congress. -Yes I see that. Well thank you Keith, let us know if there are any updates on this bullshit story from there. -There's no way there will be. Very good, we'll check back with you in an hour anyway. I'm just some fucking guy. -When we return we'll look at live footage of a car chase taken from a helicopter and free-associate about what's going on.
Onion News Network To help their customers stay healthy, this week, frozen food giant, Stouffers, began including suicide prevention tips on the boxes of their single serving prepared meals. The company hopes that the tips will teach customers alternatives to unhealthy choices, such as killing themselves because they eat every meal alone. The idea was conceived by Linda Horowitz, of Nestle prepared foods, the parent company of Stouffers. We are aware that the purchase of a Stouffers Mac & Cheese for one can be a cry for help. After two minutes of watching your meal slowly rotate in the microwave, people reach what we call a risk threshold point where they frequently make the decision to end their lives. Customers of this store in Boston said they appreciated the tips. The tips made me realize that even though I'm eating gravy meatloaf right now, there's still a possibility that things won't always be like this. The tips are written in a small font, so you have to turn on the lights to see them, but it's better than eating in the dark again. They give me the confidence to take my dinners out on the lawn again so I can watch the cars drive by while I eat Stouffers has also released a special set of tips specifically for its lean cuisine customers We wrote these tips in order to help the working woman think more about feeding herself right, and less about how quickly her eggs are aging in her ovaries. In addition to hosting support forums on their website, Stouffers has added a section where users can post videos of themselves eating Stouffers meals for others to watch as they eat, simulating companionship. To support the new campaign, Stouffers has also hired licensed counselors to give free sessions in the frozen food isles of participating supermarkets, and a friendly Stouffers van waiting in the parking lot if a customer clearly needs to be institutionalized. Based on the success of Stouffers new packaging, Koshi has begun printing tips on the back of their cereal boxes about how to not be such a smug annoying pretentious asshole. Still ahead this hour... Governor accused of improperly using bribe as hush money.
Onion News Network Scientists at Tulane university's primate research center announce they have taught a gorilla that someday it will die. Nate Meredith has more in "The Lab Report". "The Lab Report" Thanks Stan. In an historic first, a team of primatologists has succeeded in teaching Quigley, a western lowland gorilla, the concept of mortality and his inevitable doom. Lana Borrows and Phillip Townsend are the researchers leading the project. When we first started with Quigley, he was just a normal happy ape, not a care in the world. The first thing we did, was we taught him patterns, like red block, blue block, green block, over and over. Then it became a pattern of, gorilla born, gorilla grow, gorilla die, over and over. The researchers then showed Quigley photographs of dead, dying gorillas, while communicating the phrases, "You some day" and "No choice". It took thousands of repetitions, but Quigley finally became cognisant of the correlation between himself and the decomposing pile of hair and flesh in the photo. Quigley shared his feelings in a confessional after completing each exercise. Muscles. Mine. Will rot away. -That was a great moment. -Yes. Quigley also began painting pictures like these almost everyday, to make sure Quigley retains the awareness of his own demise the team spent several hours per day reinforcing the certainty of deaths arrival. Quigley, you die! You will die soon! The researchers say at first Quigley could only communicate rudimentary fears about his own death, but he soon moved on to expressing more complex emotions, like indifference and self hatred. Stupid Quigley. Now sees truth. Existence. Cruel joke. And just two days ago Phillip Townsend and his colleagues even witnessed what they believe to have been a panic attack in Quigley. He was letting out these anguished cries and banging his head against the wall. I just thought, "we did it". The Tulane scientists believe that we may be able to teach a gorilla to resort to alcoholism or even try to kill itself in as little as a decade. The scientists next plan to test whether the results with Quigley can be replicated with other species. They're on the initial stages of teaching bunny rabbits that they will all die. You will both die. These are thrilling times. For "The Lab Report"- I'm Nate Meredith. Thanks Nate. Scientists in Britain are conducting a similar study, teaching a mouse with a human ear grafted to its back, what a freak it is. Still ahead this hour... Delta Pilot caught siphoning gas from southwest plane.
Welcome back. We have some breaking news for you this morning. The FBI is now releasing new details about Alex Croft. He was the man that they arrested on Tuesday after it came to light that he had plans to assassinate the President. -An FBI spokesman told the press the plot was slowed down largely because of Croft's fears that the assassination would seem racist when in fact he meant it to have nothing to do with President Obama's skin color. -Now we understand that the FBI was tipped off in part by a videotape that Croft himself had made and distributed to major media outlets. We have a section of that tape to show our viewers right now. -I will personally destroy Barack Obama and it's not because he's African-American. It's because of his socialist policies. Look, my sister is married to a black guy, it's not a black and white thing. And then he went on to list all of his other African-American friends. In the small town of Hewitt, Vermont, Croft's neighbors are all expressing astonishment this morning, saying that Croft was quiet and mostly kept to himself, except when encountering a black person when he would become exceedingly chatty, going so far as to invite complete strangers to hang out. Today Now's very own Jane Carmichael is right now standing by live in Washington DC with the latest details for us. Good morning Jane. -Good morning. Jane tell us about this anti-government militia group he tried to get to help him. These guys seem pretty scary. Yes but apparently they turned Croft down because they were quote "a little uncomfortable with some of the language Croft was using."  -He'd come to one of our meetings and says 'Obama must be killed, he's got a dark soul.' And everyone was like 'whoa what does that mean, dark soul?' And he's all like 'no no, that's not what I meant' but I've got to tell you, it just didn't sit right with me. Now the FBI is saying Croft actually conceived and then abandoned several plans to kill President Obama. -That's right. Croft's journal revealed that he had ruled out explosives for fear it might conjure up memories of the racially motivated Birmingham church bombings, and he discounted using a gun because... -Martin Luther King. -Exactly. I see. -Ultimately to allay all suspicions of racism Croft decided to shoot the president with a crossbow with a list of important black historical figures taped to the arrow. But the FBI apprehended Croft while he was parked outside the White House in a car blasting Sly and the Family Stone. Well thanks for being with us Jane. -Thank you. Now Croft has also released a statement through his lawyers today and I quote "It's Obama who should be in prison, not me. But I don't mean all black people belong in prison, I mean just him. Well, unless you've committed a crime. I mean, it should be equal." And that's the latest on that. -Well later in the hour we'll have details on how you can enter to win a date with Jim Haggerty for your 18 year old daughter.
After months of debate Congress passed the Pornographic Media Concealment Act yesterday, intended to hide our nation's pornography from future generations of Americans. -This act will ensure that the inhabitants of ensuing centuries will judge us based on our contribution to literature and the arts rather than on our vast porn collection. Just imagine the look on some future archeologist's face when he unearths 'Grandma Likes it Hard' volume III, and you will understand why we must act. The newly created US Porn Stashing Agency will be tasked with carrying out the project. According to the chief director of the US Porn Stashing Agency all internet porn sites will be hidden behind a portal disguised as an unremarkable business site called Qualitative Consulting. -To gain entry to the pornography, US citizens will have to use the password 'catnap', all lower case, one word 'catnap', but please don't write that down anywhere. Individual porn collections will be moved to several dozen fake mountains in southern New Hampshire. There will be an interracial mountain, a barely-legal mountain. At the base of each mountain there will be a hidden door where any American can enter, no questions asked. The agency also unveiled a video to help Americans understand how these new policies will affect their porn The Porn Stashing Agency will store all pornographic materials under piles of old camping equipment inside cardboard boxes with the word Canada written on them. -I'm from the year 3000. That way future historians will think we're just holding on to it for Canada. And for citizens who make their own home sex tapes, the new policy requires they begin all recordings with at least 5 minutes of C-Span footage so future viewers will just get bored and stop watching. Previous Congressional proposals to make the nation seem more impressive, including plans to scatter the nation with opera playbills, treat Usain Bolt as an average speed human, and blame the massive amount of idiotic internet discourse on a few faulty robots all failed to gain popular support. Next up we'll talk to that pilot who heroically crash-landed a plane into Maureen Dowd.
our top story at this hour the investigation into actor Don Cheadle continues today looking into charges that the genocide in Darfur is entirely his doing UN investigators believe Cheadle orchestrated the Darfur genocide so that he could start an uplifting movie based on the tragedy over 400,000 deaths because of Don Cheadle he won acclaim for his stirring portrayal of the hotel manager who saved hundreds of refugees in a genocide but admiration was the first step on Cheadle's road to mass murder and the Oscar goes to Jamie Foxx's cheetahs brave portrayal of a human rights hero lost out to Jamie Foxx's performance as Ray Charles a blind man he put on a brave face for the camera but he was absolutely crushed after his oscar defeat Cheadle tells friends and family he will be starting work on yet another project about genocide this one quote even better than Hotel Rwanda two weeks later he took the first of over 50 trips to Darfur and that's when the killing began the Janjaweed militias was receiving a huge boost in funding material from an unknown source and we now know that that source was don cheadle testimony from Janjaweed leaders confirms that their orders came directly from Cheadle himself mr. dependability was an idea he chose specific villages for soldiers to attack picking locales with panoramic vistas to provide a striking backdrop for his future cinematic adaptation he just pushes himself to be the best and if that means starting a religious conflict where millions of people and a homeless or or dead that's just what Donald hoon throughout history we've had Hitler Stalin on Cheeta in the days since the story broke USA films has said they plan to continue the project but without Cheadle's involvement the studio is now in talks with denzel washington who they say is very interested
domestic abuse has long been thought to affect some three million women in the u.s. each year but a new study from the National Research Center for women and families indicates that rates of domestic abuse have now dropped to zero we appreciate everyone's concern but domestic abuse just isn't the problem we once thought it was according to the report cases previously mistaken for domestic abuse had other perfectly understandable explanations such as rickety staircases slippery showers and poorly placed doorknobs the research team presented their findings at the National Research Center's semi-annual conference yesterday the researchers are so confident in their findings that they have denied a grant from the Oregon Department of Social Services to do a follow-up report I don't think it's any use going over the same data over and over again there's no domestic violence I think everyone should just mind their own business contrary to our preconceptions most women are very happy now if only we weren't so clumsy next a kitten wins the honolulu cliff diving championship
a tragedy averted today in Hollywood chart-topping singer and dream girl star Beyonce Knowles was walking down this stretch of sidewalk in Los Angeles yesterday when a stray shot from a nearby confrontation ricocheted down the block Beyonce would almost certainly have been struck in the arm or shoulder but as luck would have it a passerby was moving at just the right speed to intercept the bullet in its head EMT Alicia ku Tony responded to the 911 call Beyonce suffered a bruise to her left side due to the fact that the passerby actually collapsed on her we are monitoring the bruise the would-be assassin fled the scene police say a low level search is underway if apprehended he could face a fine of up to $500 for endangering a celebrity it wasn't just Beyonce who was saved by the passerby today it was all of us it was everyone who loves great dance tunes and soulful R&B Beyonce is so talented following the incident Beyonce was rushed to a wellness spa Beyonce is fine although some people initially said they saw blood on her thankfully it was not her own what a terrible ordeal for such a classy lady to endure but thankfully all of her fans are praying for her tonight coming up as we continue despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary doctors claim a woman's face transplant was a success
this Valentine's Day millions of single women are wondering if they'll ever find that someone special on your news network trans reporter Jeff Tate explains how the Internet has revolutionized the way women irrationally get their hopes up thanks Brandon as February 14th approaches sad lonely women across the country are using online dating websites in futile attempts to change the course of their pathetic lives this rapidly aging overweight secretary from Houston began using match.com earlier this year in the past she had to rely on the charity of friends to provide the dwindling trickle of men willing to meet her but dating in the information age means she can seek out men who won't call back all on her own face to wait before for my friends to tell me days later that my date was interested now I get an automated email telling me right away while dating websites are not a new phenomenon in recent years they have become safer and easier to use most women are able to sign up for an account alone or with only the help of their children from their first failed marriage an innovative new features like instant messaging and video chat make destroying one self-esteem as easy as clicking a mouse I've gotten so sick of being rejected in the bar scene now I get rejected on my own term the site lets me upload photos and videos of myself so that guys don't even have to meet me in person to know that I'm not good-looking enough for them it really streamlines the process the endless string of first dates is unlikely to result in a lasting relationship but it can occupy a woman's attention enough to distract her from killing herself with membership up for a sixth year in a row it's clear that internet dating sites like these women's lives are not going anywhere for The Onion News Network I'm Jeff Tate a bunch of dogs
the State Department is on the defense in the wake of the emerging controversy over and hora which received over three billion dollars in US aid money last year that funding has now been cut off following the revelation this week that Endora is not a war-torn African region as previously believed but in fact is a very wealthy Western European country with us now from the State Department is Deputy Secretary Paul Heffron mr. Heffron how did this happen well it was a simple mix-up someone said Indore was in Africa it sounded right we just kept sending him money I'm looking at a transcript here and it is a meeting between you and Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte a quote and Dora where is that you say it's in well of course it's right by what's it called again negroponte says is it in Africa and you say yes Africa exactly they're in a really bad situation they're in Africa yes it was an honest mistake I just thought that their way across the ocean somewhere their lives must be very very difficult is there no way to get the money back well we've spoken to the government there and they told us that they assumed it was a gift and that they're sorry but the money is already spent apparently it was very helpful in renovating their ski chalets and some public saunas mr. Heffron I want you to take a look at this map the State Department sent over to us this morning and said this is the one we have been using now clearly you can see and Dorrie is not on that map yes well we we thought it was in that blue area there down below ma'am bamboo but Prime Minister of Andorra Albert pentad made a public apology at a press conference earlier this morning every Andorran will remember your generosity and stupidity each time we ride in the fewer gold baskets of our individual hot-air balloons look I mean there's probably hundreds of countries in the world and it's very hard to keep track of these things very confusing who's going to take the blame for this well the Endura people will take the blame for it they know exactly where they are they should have told us mr. Heffron we are out of time here but thank you for being with us
American roads are about to get a lot safer a new federal ruling mandates that all new vehicles must be equipped with an in-car safety device that detects whether the driver is actor Nick Nolte starting in 2009 every new vehicle must contain a certified anti Nolte steering wheel if you start in Jefferson in Paris or another 48 hours you should not be behind the wheel here's how the new device works when a key is inserted into the ignition a lens in the steering wheel captures an image of the driver then the device uses computer technology to analyze the driver's face for seven prominent Nulty features if the scan picks up a possible danger the steering wheel locks and an alarm sounds no longer will driving the kids to one from school be fraught with peril Americans have the right to nolte free roadways and we're pleased to say this device delivers on that promise officials say this new device is the latest in a line of features meant to keep dangerous drivers off the road including the anti dick eliezer and the Tom Sizemore lock
with military recruitment down and the need for soldiers greater than ever some say it's time for the military to change its policy of barring homosexuals from enlisting well joining us today from the Pentagon is general robert McBrayer thank you for coming my pleasure Brandon general the military has been easing restrictions on enlistment in almost every area on criminals older veterans even those with serious medical conditions but the why not gays gay people a different Brandon under no circumstances can we put America's homosexuals in danger but homosexuals themselves are demanding the right to serve their country in a time of war gays of America are the only group left untouched by war special pure and rare like a gleaming diamond or a snow-white colt we must protect them well has this always been the goal it has been the solemn oath of every man in uniform to lay down his life in defense of America's precious precious homosexuals how many soldiers lives is the life of one gay man worth 7 general tell us about the Don't Ask Don't Tell policy which many see as discriminatory the reason we instituted that policy was because we knew we would never be able to keep out all the gays to know that any of the managed to enlist and put themselves in harm's way it would break our hearts all of the top commanders know we love them too much so you're saying that the military's entire purpose is to fight so that homosexuals don't have to nor should their fragile psyches be subjected to the horrible sights that occur on the battlefield their pure Minds should be reserved for thoughts of man on man or woman on woman Romans well thank you for clarifying this very sensitive issue for our viewers general McBrayer my pleasure god Bless America and her gays
moving on the first installment of our new interactive segment viewer voices what you are they giving you a voice not to us chat alright if you have a question or a comment about the one of the segments you have seen on our network recently you can email it's the message or text us at the address you see below and I will respond right here on the air what's your opinion time for cyber mail your story on the anorexia epidemic in our high schools was scary are there other problems for teens these days thank you for that question Samantha my answer is yes teens face many problems hundreds maybe thousands of problems the message it's a response a text message from Paula in Portland Maine she writes what about dollar sign to go for schools there Paula that's very vague and not really a question let's move on new message talk to us let's chat looks like we have an instant message from Dayton Ohio doc chewy 89 writes your report on Asian immigrants was terrible you are a racist well dr. chewy you clearly misunderstood the meaning of the piece it was not intelligent well then I advise you sir to change the channel this network's successful message sir I am a respected news anchor I have been in this business for two years new message you to your voices your opinion talk to us chat you can email or instant message or even text us at the address you see below there on you on the TV
could multiple stab wounds mean shorter lives a new study on primates from the National Institute of Health says it's possible this is a huge step forward in understanding the short and long term health effects of repeated stabbing in the 1.2 million dollar study a test group of 3000 monkeys were stabbed between 7 and 9 times each we used a variety of sharp edged objects to see if they had any different effects on the monkeys in the end we concluded that they did not Colin says the results were similar with baby monkeys old monkeys and pregnant monkeys results were steady no matter where the monkeys were punctured in the stomach the neck even the eye sockets the same was true for every species tested from yellow-tailed woolly monkeys to squirrel monkeys the small grey monkeys with Tufts of downy fur framing their faces there was a control group that was not stabbed this group was merely punched it didn't matter whether we punched them to 300 times all the experience was bruising this tells us that the effects of stab wounds are more physical than psychological Collins and her team hope to secure funding for future studies on the effects of bludgeoning and boiling and when we continue here tonight the Catholic Church officially denounces spooning
increasingly American parents are spending more time at work and less time at home with the cost of nannies on the rise many are turning to a new solution to their childcare dilemma Susan and Mark Andelman of Portland Oregon started sending their son Timothy to a day care facility in India four months ago used to be quite a hassle in the morning now sometimes I'm even able to just get him right into the box without even waking them up so it's a lot easier outsourcing Timothy worked so well they decided to send their three week old daughter Brittany to infant care in Sri Lanka though the wages earned by overseas childcare workers would seem low to Americans in countries like India they are over a billion times the average salary it's only 12 cents an hour in India which is a lot cheaper than $300 I was paying a week here in the United States it's a big improvement before he was he was acting out a lot of yelling and screaming now when we uncrate him he's he's completely quiet yeah for like two or three days the system is not without its problems however in June patrician adings of Omaha Nebraska incorrectly wrote four zip code causing little Kimberley nettings to spend nearly three weeks lost in the mail who knows coming up next are there bullets in your body stay with us we'll be right back
later this month queen elizabeth ii becomes the oldest reigning monarch in British history the 82 year old royal has been waving at the country for 54 years joining us now is historian Richard CAD Byrne author of the Queen's official biography destined to wave thank you for joining us mr. Cogburn absolutely sir can you explain why this is such an important moment for the British people Oh Queen Elizabeth is tremendously important I mean people such as myself of growing up watching her waggle her hand back and forth she waved us through the Cold War that the Brixton riots and just recently in 2005 London bus bombing some very dark times yes when England is in peril she's always there to wave and well we can't thank her enough for that thankfully she has private estates that she can retreat to to recuperate from the requirements of waving now in your book you said elizabeth ii brought waving to the modern age what exactly did you mean by that well she was the first Queen to have her wave televised and the first to have a wave stream on the Internet this concept is so foreign to all of us here in the US can you can you trace it back to its origins for me well it started in the 939 AD by Edmund the first he was the first man ever to wave at the people they believed that he had been divinely chosen to wave and that God directly communicated what kind of wave together I mean the Royals all really have such beautiful hands mm-hmm lately Prince Charles has been taking over a lot of waving duties from the Queen how are Britain's feeling about that well it's no secret they're not too thrilled about it they really feel that Charles is not the most beautiful waver in the world and you can see him muddling his way through it what takes years and years of training I think he's had years and years I mean Prince William is already a better waiver than here's ah it's disappointing hmm mr. cadrin congratulations to you and your fellow Britons you've got quite a group of wavers there and thank you so much for being with us thank you
once again American schoolchildren are failing to keep pace with those of other nations a new Amnesty International study this week shows that American child soldiers rank far behind African children in almost every area of military skill the American children scored significantly lower in basic rifle marksmanship clearing of minds and accuracy with a machete with us now to discuss these alarming statistics is investigative journalist Harrison GAD Lee author of the new book target education just how big is the gap in skills between an African child and an American child quite large an average Sudanese child can field strip a type eighty one assault rifle by the time he's in sixth grade an American child couldn't do the same until he enlisted in the military at seventeen and a half well this is a problem all across the nation well certain rural areas have scored higher than others and gun use certain inner-city areas as well places like Detroit sure but as a whole these scores should be a big concern to military educators how did we let our children's fighting skills fall so far behind nations like Uganda or Sierra Leone which I see are on the top of the list these regions have developed a culture that encourages if not requires active youth involvement in America there's much more of a culture of protection and isolation from danger at what age does this happen in Africa well in the Congo a child may be kidnapped and conscripted in revolutionary militia at age 11 or 12 and then there's all sorts of opportunities in the home a child's father may be beheaded and he'll learn to use a gun in order to protect his mother from sexual assault I'm writing bands you know Harrison Harrison can I stop you for a minute is it too late no Brandon but it costs money to put guns in the hands of our children we need to put more shooting ranges in schools in your book you stress that parents cannot wait for the educational system to catch up yes Brandon I recommend that parents do small exercises with their children to develop their survival skills like leaving them in a jungle with only a knife to protect them or encouraging them to escalate small playground conflicts into hand-to-hand combat hmm Harrison thank you very much for being here up next thousands are splattered during a raishin of world's largest deep fryer
and some good news out of Iraq US military commanders have announced that the third annual bring your daughter to war day was a great success over 15,000 daughters got to see firsthand what goes into fighting a war from raiding homes in Basra to enforcing the 8:00 p.m. curfew in Mosul to interrogating prisoners in Tikrit so glad she came out here to see what I do all the time donors got to ride in the cockpits with dad or mom on bombing runs and if you even saw the action inside tanks patrolling the triangle of death conceived as a way to open young woman's eyes to opportunities in the Armed Forces bring your daughter to war day also provides a way for girls to see their parents once a year it's something she'll never forget for the rest of her life I'm sure she got to go when we raided a few houses she came in behind me got to try out the new Arab words she learned organizers called this year's event the most successful so far only four girls were killed down from a dozen last year making it the most accident free on record
turning to world news now party officials in Beijing are celebrating the findings of a new UN study which for the first time ever listed China as the world's number-one producer of air pollution joining us now from the Chinese embassy to discuss the study is ambassador Xu lon Ning thank you for being with us mr. ambassador today thank you for having me it is a very proud day for my country the labor of the people have made the sky black with the smoke of progress we are overjoyed we're looking now at the skyline of Wien on and you've called the smog levels there sir a grand symbol of Chinese supremacy yeah that looks really polluted thank you the sky over China is now a rainbow of grace reflecting all the shades of our prosperity and your celebration of this new ranking included a parade in the coal rich manufacturing center of Hunan we're seeing video of that here right now looks like quiet a parade you've got yes there was a hundred widows smoke that's a magnificent hole ash dragon cart and the littlest children sang a song for the spirits of the poison fish and here is the Beijing young people's vocal group performing an ode to acid rain which I'm told falls on 30% of China that's quite an achievement yes we are very proud of that we have 16 of the world's 20 most air polluted city we have the most and with emission levels up what effect does this have on the people's health very big effect close to 1 million people will die of cancer in China this year cancer it's a very modern disease in fact the UN report called this figure startling and noteworthy it was very kind of them Chinese people will not be stopped by anything if pollution ruins a river we will build a new river a pollution destroys a mountain we will build a new mountain at long last the world cannot ignore our growing prosperity all right Thank You ambassador Xu again congratulations on the ranking
in the six years since the tragedy of 911 the transportation security administration says it is keeping our airports safe and secure from attack what are they this onion news network undercover investigative unit special report may surprise you we go now to brian scott live from cedar rapids thank you brandon i'm here at the eastern iowa airport where this morning we put the national airline security system to the test we decided to see if tsa's so-called highly trained security personnel could prevent our undercover reporters from smuggling explosive materials on board continental flight 742 and detonating them an hour into the flight our reporters prepared for their assignment in their hotel rooms early this morning brian we can see that picture now what exactly are they doing yes they took several components that when combined form an explosive device and then hid them inside their luggage they then proceeded to the airport dressed as ordinary business travelers once there they managed to take the bomb past airport security they then proceeded to the metal detectors and get this brandon they walked right through with the bomb with everything the tsa has been telling us about our safety in the airports how could this possibly happen sorry to say brandon it gets even worse we have some audio from a 9-1-1 call one of the passengers managed to use her cell phone after our reporters had taken over the main cabinet what you just heard brandon was our reporter pistol whipping an innocent female passenger in the face while flight attendants did nothing that's just the same flight attendants did absolutely nothing to stop our reporter from assembling and detonating the bomb killing everyone on board the flight i'm told they could not even subdue our reporter dan baker who by the way was in terrible shape you're absolutely right but tell me brian have any steps been taken to detain or to punish these screeners responsible for this this outrageous breach of security the personnel responsible for the lapse in security have been temporarily suspended no word yet on whether there will be an investigation or even indictments related to the gross negligence well i'm sure all americans hope this serves as a wake-up call to the faa and the fbi too everything required to make the bomb was purchased right on the internet it cost less than three hundred dollars and was delivered to our studio via standard mail viewers can get a full list of the components on our website well thank you brian now after the break we'll talk to relatives of the victims of flight 742 many of whom are demanding answers from the government
a new book called the truth about September 11th claims to present evidence that the destruction of the World Trade Center was not the work of terrorists but was in fact perpetrated by the US government with us the much-maligned books author William Gerard was the mainstream media they're just too afraid to even have me on so thank you also joining us is Omar al Farooq of al Qaeda he's an outspoken critic of what he calls Gerard's 9/11 conspiracy theories if Michael I assure you that is all this book is is complete nonsense mr. Gerrard how did you arrive at the conclusions in your book where are the first few scientific examination of Ground Zero for example the melted core evidence that there were thermite bombs were used and bring down those I'm gonna show you we did not use thermite bombs I did the research myself it would not have worked we flew an enormous airplane into a building okay I think it is obvious would cause the building to crumble why do you think so close-minded to this sir you spent you know two months in a mountain caves is sleeping on rocks planning something really special it only to have someone take the credit away from you no you know why in the world what the US government want to stage this attack on their own soil greed of course and to increase the oil revenues a weapons industry and security industry and these are all things that Bush and his puppet master Cheney they've got their stakes in Bush's administration they're our den of jackals we had certainly have common ground there well but what does not follow is why does he allow it why would they kill 3,000 of their own impotence of course because I think it was all part of their plan to build a case for the war and all of this why is his approval rating you know in el-hammam and why is the Summa bin Laden safe in in Iraq war has done serious damage to the Bush look I have a names phone numbers everyone involved in their names and phone numbers I have here the voucher for the lessons for the flight lesson obviously for his darling son come on did President Bush give you these himself I was Englishmen go out we hang he's rubbish he's like talking to I have a suggestion for you why don't you go to the Washington Monument take the family let's say October 12 2009 around 304 and take a guided tour to the top and just wait there I think you will see that al Qaeda is very good at organizing things gentlemen thank you coming up when we come back the 2008 baby pandas are in we'll have lots of footage of that
in regions racked with drought and famine American charitable aid groups can mean a difference between life and death one such organization is the colorado-based Evangelical Covenant Churches God's hands program so far this group has donated over nine hundred thousand dollars to help sub-saharan Africans joining us now is God's hands co-founder Josephine Bates now how did you and your church come to start God's hands well as a Christian organization we're charged with spreading Christ's love and we just couldn't sit by while so many non gay Africans were dying of hunger millions of people are suffering roughly ninety percent of whom have done nothing to deserve it hmm really commendable but how is your organization different from other African aid groups well there's one major difference all of the money that we collect goes directly to help feed clothe and provide medical care for Africans who don't have sex with members of their own gender the church pays for all they understand that's a big concern for people who donate money to charities they want to be sure their money is being used properly and not being wasted is there a litmus test for those entitled to receive your aid none at all we don't discriminate as long as you're not gay we welcome you with open arms yes in this nation of Plenty we tend to forget there are people out there in need that's right I understand this isn't the first time your church has become involved in international charity work oh not at all we helped non-muslims in Indonesia rebuild their homes after the devastating earthquake and in 2005 we provided aid for pro-life victims of the Guatemalan floods yes it's all about spreading the goodwill isn't it whether in Europe or wherever I want to thank you for joining us today Miss Bates and for this inspiring interview
fans of professional wrestling have long been seen as some of the most devoted and passionate in the sports world but a new book reveals a shocking secret the so called fans are in fact choreographed paid performers and we are joined now from Raleigh North Carolina by the author of faked my life as a professional wrestling fan Craig Thompson mr. Thompson this is a very controversial book what made you decide to pull back the curtain now I want people to know that the fans in the audience are you know amazing at their craft of acting well tell me something is there a script we have all the basic beats planned ahead of time we know in advance who were going to be booing what wrestlers the women are going to flash sounds exhausting it's very hard to be able to cheer for something as ridiculous and as absurd as costumes you know bodybuilders flailing around and you know shouting ridiculous and poorly written insults you have to have a real endurance and a real commitment I see are you actually a fan of the sport or would you not be doing this if you weren't being paid no I'm not I'm not a fan of the sport I don't think anybody over the age of 15 is a fan of the sport you know without us cheering up and going crazy it would be very hard for anyone to see the event is an actual sporting event right let me ask you is this a full-time job for you oh yeah absolutely it is what we have to do is maintain a constant focus on lack of physical fitness I have to have a bedraggled appearance we have what's called a convenience-store diet amongst the pro fan community a lot of us mostly subsist on you know chips and soda uh your book also reveals in one of its chapters the so called tricks of the trade you want to tell us about any of those yeah absolutely one of them was called the soda jump and drench where I wouldn't jump up and flip my a 32 ounce jumbo soda in the air with my knee I've seen they're sending the Mountain Dew contents all over the entire Isle in the in the stands it's a very complicated move the number of your fellow performers are not very happy about you're exposing this secret I've gotten a couple of calls from from other fans telling me that I'm going to be you know they're going to burn my face more severely than Kane's face was burned by his brother The Undertaker which is pretty terrifying I would have to wear a mask for the rest of my life if that happened so then what is your neck step well I'm thinking about taking on something new perhaps becoming a professional golf fan
we continue now with our coverage of the gripping saga of the four hikers lost in California's Sierra Nevada mountain range we're joined once again by Brian Scott live from the base of rescue operations in Sequoia National Park what are the chances that these hikers will make it out alive to see a thrilling made-for-tv movie based on their ordeal it seems very likely at this point Brandon the conditions are ideal for such a movie the hikers are young and attractive and these snow-capped mountains behind me form the perfect backdrop for anything from a nature of survival drama to a full-blown action-adventure film as you can see evan is very handsome yes he is handsome and fit I could see him being played by someone like Christian Bale who might say that maybe Matt Damon too I'm sure those families are hoping for that kind of star power no Brian we know that Leland who we're seeing now is quite wealthy and probably not used to taking orders do we think that Evans leadership will cause a problem there and we'll they'd lead to a fight over a dangerous precipice at the heart-stopping climax of the film that's very easy to imagine Brandon Park Rangers have told me there are many jutting ledges in the Kings Canyon area are there wild animals out there that the hikers may have to face down a grizzly bear for instance now that would make for a very exciting scene grizzly bears are not native to the area Brandon but I agree that would be great excuse me Brian's both Evan and Diane are single this means we could be seeing a romantic subplot in act two is that fair to say again there's too much we don't yet know about this tragedy they could be doing anything up there in those mountains from kissing passionately under a waterfall to solving a mystery well Brian now what are the families feeling at this time have you had a chance to talk to them I spoke to them earlier and they are extremely distraught Diane's mother has been crying and screaming that she wants her baby back I could see it turning into a really great performance possibly even Oscar goal we can only the families have all been praying for the safe return of their relatives although that would make a rather predictable into the movie so personally I'm hoping at least someone does not make it out alive right Brian thank you very much we'll be checking back with you throughout the day
that stories coming up but before we go to break a few messages from our troops stationed overseas private Jeffrey Warren from Huntington West Virginia thanks to all my pen pals from miss winters class in North Carolina all your cards and your drawers we're favorite foods really took my mind off all the death around me hey mom and dad and everyone at Wilton mark California got your letter glad you guys are doing good great to hear chuck is going to get married things are good here too they found part of my hand hi this is Donna Karan station first on Division I rap hello Kelly can't wait to get home to see you I'm gonna give you this ring I got off a dead Iraqi woman hi this is specialist Diane Knight 25th Infantry Division based in Iraq hey mom and dad and everybody in Virginia hope you guys are all doing well and thanks again to everybody and Marshall for agreeing to jointly raise my son mom fighting here hi this is corporal ryan Hayes from Birmingham Alabama stationed in North Zone Iraq I want to send a message out to my homosexually secret lover been back home I hope that you're getting this message but that nobody else in the military is watching this because I'm so very erratically homosexually gay but I hope nobody's watching this from the notes right because I would be kicked out I love you
since September 11th increased security measures have put a strain on many areas of the economy but few have been harder hit than the suspicious package industry plummeting sales have forced many suspicious package retailers out of business and those that remain are left wondering if they have a future in the post 9/11 world Paul Townsend runs all things unattended on a bustling Street in downtown Albany New York he says he used to do brisk trade to the steady flow of pedestrians but no longer used to be a guy would come in here and get a suspicious package for his kid maybe an unidentifiable container for his wife to I just assumed it would go on forever Townsend's family has been in the suspicious package business for more than 50 years people are afraid to come in they'll look in the window but they won't buy anything they were afraid they're going to get arrested and it's not just the mom and pops suspicious package stores that are in trouble last month mysterious bags and boxes Incorporated filed for bankruptcy and said in a written statement we thank all of you out there for your continued support of our finally made dubious parcels and inscrutable containers their corporate headquarters were closed down and imploded earlier this week it gave me real happiness to handedly waited strangely save package to a child and look at the excitement on his face it's the end of an era and it's a shame really the Pentagon has raised the national terror alert level to red as the last of the suspicious package stories hold going-out-of-business clearance sale in anya news network poll today finds that most americans don't know what they would do in hypothetical situations you
Ironman was one of the most popular trailers of last summer but controversy is sweeping the fan community today following the announcement that Paramount Pictures is planning to adapt the beloved trailer into a feature-length motion picture here to discuss the details is Entertainment Weekly writer Rory cubby Rory good to see you again I take it there's some mixed reaction to this news what we're going to do the Ironman trailer is near and dear to a lot of fans hearts so you can imagine how worried people are about this news apparently the plan is to expand that fast montage a very short shot seen in the trailer into full length distinct scenes and in between those scenes they plan to add additional scenes that weren't in the trailer this doesn't seem like that would work that's right the fact is it's very difficult to make the character's story action that work in a 90-second format also work when they're stretched out to 80 or 90 minutes why do you think the trailer was so popular well it does tell an amazing story Michael a cocksure billionaire industrialist and inventor is kidnapped but turns on his captors by designing an amazing mechanized suit of armor ultimately becoming a hero to the world it is a breathtaking 90 second thrill rush surely then paramount realizes the tremendous financial risk of alienating the trailers core fanbase if they don't embrace the film exactly and that's why the studio has tried to reassure the public that everything that they love about the trailer will be incorporated into the movie adaptation right down to actual lines from the trailer and they are bringing Robert Downey jr. back to reprise his role as Tony Stark there would have been a real outcry if they had tried to cast someone else but that doesn't quell everyone's fears over whether the integrity of the trailer is in danger for instance the redheaded woman played by Gwyneth Paltrow who's great she is great and fans love her 3/4 of a second role I mean what if they gave her more lines or more scenes I mean who does what they'll put in there between the point where he breaks out of the lab in the suit and the point where he flies in front of those jets what if they put in a tedious romantic subplot that was 20 or 30 minutes long that doesn't sound good now I guess we'll all be waiting to see how it actually turns out yes luckily for us paramount has announced that it plans to release the movie in theaters along with a group of eight entirely new entertainment packed trailers to screen before the film so even if the movie is no good hopefully the trip to the theater will be worth it anyway Rory cubby thanks for being with us today we'll see you later on okay in Seattle today a man has bruised 23 people in a punching spree [Music]
a Burger King customer in Albany New York got more than he bargained for with his lunch yesterday Carl Emerson a local electrician was surprised to find a human head stuck between the buns of his double whopper cheeseburger I took a bite and I thought to myself this isn't right Emerson said he has no plans to take legal action against the franchise which he called his favorite fast-food restaurant I'll definitely come back here to Burger King because I like it so much and it's close to my house but it's curious to find out how the eight pound head found its way into a sandwich we've told our employees that if anyone has information about a head or knows someone who's missing a head to come forward some suspect the head was introduced into the sandwich at the factory where Burger King's beef patties are produced police however say it was probably slipped in while in the restaurants kitchen due to the heads placement between the lettuce and the tomato of the burger no it's not bad at all compared to the horse head and still to come the Pope speaks out against a general lack of suffering
Time magazine has released its annual list of America's 299 million least influential people a new face in the top 10,000 this year is Jim Stutz of Fort Wayne Indiana I think it's wonderful he's finally getting recognition just for not having an effect on anyone Stutz a 47 year old husband and father of two currently works as a claims adjuster in suburban Fort Wayne he works here joning us now to tell us more about the least influential list is Time Magazine's features editor Eric Malloy hello mr. Molloy hello Dean now putting this list together must have been quite a challenge for you is that right no absolutely a guy like Jim Stutz he came to the forefront of our list because he makes no impression on anyone around him he's a claims adjuster and he went two years without making an adjustment yeah that's amazing now what makes him less influential say than the little dark-skinned boy who comes by and brings me a coffee and doughnuts every morning that dark-skinned boy would be really missed the day that he doesn't bring you a Danish that would do it now he placed nine thousand six hundred and fourth on your list but there's some controversy there what happened someone from Council Bluffs Iowa named Patricia Kelty she had it virtually locked but on a second investigation we found that she has a Labrador Retriever that occasionally will listen to her Jim has nobody all right mr. Millay good thing you caught that error and thank you very much for joining us well thank you and still to come news from Washington President Bush insists that he could handle peace talks with North Korea without a translator we'll have that story
a new study released by the Shuttleworth Research Center today finds nearly 80% of roommates got so drunk last night the study which surveyed several hundred roommates between the ages of 18 and 24 discovered that 58% got drunk as [ __ ] while some 23% got so [ __ ] up they don't even remember coming home about 7 percent report that they got hella wasted it seemed as if very often they can hardly wait to tell us that they you know how should have heard they'd been denied be more about 30% of roommates reported to us that they'd almost got laid but the single most repeated thing we heard was that it was the craziest night ever the study's results will be published in next month's Journal of roommate research all the results have been refreshingly consistent everything we've learned so far seems to confirm what we discovered the weekend before this and the weekend before that researchers believe the findings could lead to other roommate related discoveries such as what that bowl of water was doing in the microwave and where did all the mud on the living room carpet come from a new poll shows that 60% of Americans would vote for whichever candidate promised to kill the devil you
traffic is a real problem for many commuters but a study from the Department of Transportation offers a practical solution most traffic problems are caused by poor communication between drivers many who do not realize that there are other cars behind them the number one thing that could make driving in this country smoother and more enjoyable is an increase in honking here's how it works a driver stuck in dense traffic honks his horn to alert the other drivers that someone needs to get through the other drivers moved to the left and the right allowing the no longer obstructed car to go on its way your repeated honk he will send a clear message to other drivers please excuse me but I would like to pass for drivers in a real hurry the Department suggests honking in an emphatic repetitive manner or in a worst-case scenario depressed the horn continuously until traffic begins to move again honk honk honk it's that simple to get the message out the Department of Transportation has lost a nationwide campaign this week the agency expects honking could eliminate roughly 90% of traffic problems the remaining 10% could be eliminated by some combination of swearing and fish shaking next up why celebrities are so adept at writing children's books
when someone tells you good job do they really mean it a new study by UCLA says no it found that as much as 70% of all praise is sarcastic at UCLA dr. Willis Jensen headed the study sadly we found that individuals received sarcastic praise at just a moment when they needed encouragement for instance that they dropped something had fallen or suffered some form of humiliation linguistic researchers estimate that it's the short congratulatory phrases like smooth move or nice one Einstein that are used sarcastically most of the time longer compliments like so glad you could join us and you always know just how to fix everything our only genuine about half the time the real victims here are the hotshots the champs those who are truly graceful and deserving of an on-court their status is now in question dr. Jensen said a number of small but important indicators can help determine if praise is heartfelt if the praise is accompanied by a roll in slow measured clapping or starts with the word ooh it is sarcastic and when we continue 62 people are dead after a real-life hungry hungry hippo devours a boat full of tourists we'll have team coverage you
having a friend with cancer may be beneficial to your health a new study finds 85% of people with friends battling cancer take up marathon running charity softball or long distance cycling the US Surgeon General is now recommending that all Americans get close to a cancer patient like Steve Baylor of Carbondale Illinois I used to smoke a pack a day you know watch 5 hours of TV and when I found out about the stomach cancer I did a walk for cancer and that was great and since then I've done a 5k run a 10k run and actually last week I finished my first marathon for cancer changes in my own health have been like night and day you know I lost the beer gut my miles are down to 6 minutes I'm in the best shape of my life he lost so much weight for all Americans out there concerned about their weight and getting in shape I would say find a buddy with cancer the more a patient deteriorates the more their friends adhere to their new health regimen after it Don passes I'd really like to find somebody with leukemia I know they do a swim the Surgeon General urges those who have adopted the healthier lifestyles to keep them up after their friends died
Gap Kids the popular children's clothing store rolled out a new line of apparel this week that's sure to be the must-have fashion trend for the under 10 set Brian Scott has the story it's a simple idea a line of clothing sewn by children some as young as six years old halfway around the world gap called this innovation for kids by kids all across the world kids love gap clothes you know whether they're there making them or wearing them kids love the garments I save my own money I'm going to buy it with my own allowance I think I like them because they're kids freaking up it's like having a pen pal because like on the back there sometimes these tags and they say like cute stuff like yeah my friend yeah parents like the positive message the gap clothes really show what can kids can accomplish with a little hard work these kids really do love what they're doing they are thrilled to work from sunup to sundown without even in stopping to eat we try to get some footage of the Malaysian gap factory where the kids work but plant management has a strict no adults allowed policy Brian Scott Onion News Network thanks Ryan
A new tourist destination in Auburn Hills, Michigan, is showing visitors, the difficulties life held for Americans in the past. Blockbuster video aims to transport visitors to a time before the internet. It's an historically authentic recreation of a video store, a specialty shop where customers exchanged money for the short-term use of videos in an archaic system called renting. The tour is amazing, it's like stepping into a time machine. It's hard to believe that people lived this way. -A historical research team spent 3 years making sure every last detail was accurate, from the signs used, to promote the store's merchandise to the costumes worn by the store's employees. Historical performers who make history come alive for tour groups, twice an hour. -My character is based on an actual Blockbuster employee named Jerome, who worked there from May of 1999 to June 2000. My main responsibilities are to man the cash register, and to put the movies from the return slot, back on to the shelves. I am a Blockbuster customer named Cathy. Two times a week, I travel 6 miles to rent and return videos. Oh look, we're in the comedy section. What's so poignant about this time, is the uncertainty. When you get to the Blockbuster, are they gonna have your video? Did someone else rent it? Is there gonna be a line? Are the alarms gonna sound when you walk out the front door? It was very difficult for the people that lived during this era. Actors say, their job, is to create a historically authentic experience. -Yes we have it, but our only copy is currently checked out. After the organized tour, visitors are allowed to move around, the store, exploring the so-called, living museum. It's really amazing that people had to go through so much just to get a movie. -Blockbuster joins a growing number of historical tourism sites, including Buffalo New York's recreation of Virgin Records Music Store, and Iowa City's Borders Bookstore Museum. . . . . . . . . . . . . Captions by www.SubPLY.com 
several lanes of i-95 remain shut down more than five hours after an accident that killed nine drivers out of Richmond Virginia this afternoon it's a sad reminder of the car crash which claimed the life of Princess Diana almost 11 years ago just after 2:00 p.m. today an 18-wheel truck flipped on its side causing a 120 car pileup and spilling blood across the Paris roadway colored highway at the scene of today's deadly accident the reminders were inescapable Diana's crash took place around 2 o'clock a.m. the clock inverse of 2 o'clock p.m. 22 of the cars involved in the violent pileup were sedans and eight of those like diana and dodi sport or mercedes-benz were black the vehicle at the center of the accident contained three people now all dead it could have easily contained a fourth person like the car in which Diana perished but the empty fourth seat serves as a mournful illustration of the emptiness we all feel without princess die my buddy got hurt I don't know where he went out this man's grief is a mere fraction of the outpouring we all experienced after Diana was lost to us forever this woman lost a husband her own personal male princess died survivors of today's crash expressed thanks their lives were spared but in their heart of hearts their survival must have been bittersweet faced as we all are now with the reality of a world without princess die leave you with images of Princess Diana pearl of our hearts fair haired angel of our dreams a light whose beauty and brightness could not be extinguished even in death The Onion News Network will now observe a moment of silence you [Music]
breaking news now from the Philippines the island of Luzon experienced a major landslide approximately one hour ago we now go live via satellite phone to Onion News Network foreign correspondent Don Abrams what are the authorities they're saying about this okay we're seeing the feed now Don tell us about the mudslide the damages there as you see we're simply in another region entirely it's really difficult to say from this altitude do you see any survivors okay ask the pilot to fly lower does not appear to speak any English and responded to my request into garlic either because we're going to a sports match thousands displaced by the large you see any sign of heavy rainfall in the area there's reports here of a torrential rains eerily calm here on this on this tragic day in the Philippines dozen are you near best the pilot where you are right now is that where the epicenter of the mudslide is can you get the pilot to go to baguio city we've lost the feed darling fire we are descending very fast now is there a bug line fulfilling our goal of what appear to be helicopters and is that yes yes Michel that's my car parked out Michael we appear to be at the same Airport when I took off earlier on this tragic tragic day here in the Philippines okay done thank you we'll have more as we continue but first a new study has found that English comprehension is still low among our nation's screaming infants
fast-food giant Yum Brands unveiled a product innovation this week that may change the way America eats the fast-food feed bag beginning today diners will be able to strap on the wearable menu item at participating KFC Long John Silver's Taco Bell and Pizza Hut restaurants making it easier than ever to eat on the go something that we heard over and over again was you know I really love your food I just wish it wasn't so much work to have to eat it so that's why we came up with the feed bag it's hot steamy food in your face right now the feed bag meals are created by grinding the restaurants most popular menu items into a flavorful textured food product I got that chipotle chicken look at cabeza bag sometimes I don't feel like moving my arms so this way you can just have it on your face close to your mouth setting off to pick anything up the innovative design of the feedbag meals doesn't weigh with the hassles of chewing and stopping to breathe while eating Yum Brands is marketing the bags as a solution for multitasking professionals as well as other busy Americans for you know an additional 50 Cent's I'll just throw the soda right in there you don't need to keep sucking it to the strap parents say they like the convenience of the kids meal feed bags Yum Brands says it envisions a future when feed bags will be the standard form of eating in America we're always looking for more efficient ways to get our food products into our customers gaping maws and it's fun I mean you can have breakfast lunch dinner dessert all simultaneously in one feed sack strapped to your face beginning next month restaurants will add a version of the feedbag meals for dine in customers the family-style feed trough as well as a drive-thru version in which so-called feed hoses will gush food directly into customers open mouths as they drive past the restaurant in their cars
an important scientific breakthrough at Colorado's outlook Institute this week for the first time ever a sheep has been genetically engineered with the brain of a goat joining us now to talk about the incredible breakthrough is the experiments director dr. Doug Erskine this is quite an accomplishment for you and your team thank you are very excited now you've been working on this project for over three years is that correct yes but we've accomplished an incredible feat we now have a sheep that has the habits preferences and mannerisms of an entirely different animal a goat so having a goats brain really had an impact on her behavior absolutely look how she selects that grass that's very unchi plike chewing incredible you see how she looked at that fence post that's exactly how a goat would have looked at that post what was a journey like getting you and your team to this point well we started out we were trying to cure Alzheimer's but now we have a sheep with a mind of a goat now this is interesting what exactly is your goat sheep doing here oh no that's a regular sheep here this is the one doctor let me ask you this what are the ethical implications of this technology well you never know where the science will lead you our first major breakthrough was breeding a squirrel with a mind of a chipmunk and from there we said well we can't stop here well thankfully you didn't
video game players celebrated this week as a hotly anticipated sequel to the popular online video game world of warcraft hit the shelves Onion News Network tech trends has the story World of Warcraft it has 9 million players worldwide many who say they spend hundreds of hours playing the game every week here at the Blizzard Entertainment offices creators say they couldn't be any more excited about the new expansion pack world of World of Warcraft Jonathan Parrish is the vice president of Blizzard entertainment world world Warcraft allows Warcraft gamers to do what they like to do more than anything else in life which is play world Warcraft lizard programmer Chris Boldman demonstrated how the game works so here I'm playing as a character named Greg who's playing World of Warcraft as a level 3 gnome rogue so I'm gonna press my up arrow key and that's gonna make him press his up arrow key which is gonna make the character on his screen kind of move forward across the screen what this game is gonna do is put you in the shoes of someone imagining they're in the shoes of a elephant dwarf a mage a troll the fan response has been great the game sold over 100,000 copies its first day of release my avatar is the biggest World of Warcraft fan in the whole world of world of warcraft world the game promises to bring a level of realism to video gaming never before seen here I'm gonna press alt shift 7 and that's gonna make my character start scrolling through the Terms of Use Agreement and the end user License Agreement and it's fun to just play a character who's getting lost in this whole other sort of fantasy world the graphics are amazing the revolutionary I mean when you when you're staring at the computer screen you actually believe that you're in a dimly lit basement staring at a computer screen with each keystroke you're just like oh my god that sounds exactly like the keystrokes that I know from my own personal experience of hitting Keys based on the game's big success Blizzard Entertainment is already looking ahead to their next release planned for fall of 2009 fans love Warcraft and we know they're gonna want their characters to be able to play the game as well so we've already started work on world of World of Warcraft World of Warcraft run for the Onion News Network I'm Jeff Tate when we come back and Atlanta man mauled by a pitbull puppy describes the adorable attack this game you can customize your own avatar so my avatar I made him he's like 20-something years old he works at a video game company he's really good at puzzles your character can do anything that a real human playing the world of warcraft could do so there's almost like no limits the worst thing that can happen in the game is that your avatars internet connection goes down then you have to make your avatar get on the phone with your internet service provider [Music]
in entertainment news millions of fans across the nation tuned in last night to see the high school Tony Awards celebrating the year's most outstanding achievements in high school theater usually relegated to the row of lunch tables separating the jocks and the Nerds it was these students time to shine as they strode down the red carpet the Knights highest honor was bestowed upon actress Catherine Dippold who won the coveted best blonde Maria for her pitch-perfect turn in West Side Story it was such an honor to get to work with all the seniors especially the ones that played Bernadette and Consuela EV it was a big night for newcomer miss Dibble to also receive the award for most Awkward kiss Angela Harris received a standing ovation after her moving portrayal of Benny South Street won her best girl of the guy in Guys and Dolls the head theater critic for the Ridgewood weekly Ranger praised her performance as quote totally amazing Eric Foss surprised view by winning the award for least consistent cockney accent insiders say his revolutionary performance as Tiny Tim in a winter quarter production of a Christmas carol was a shoo-in for the prize thank you very much Lewis here world lads and lassies the role also earned him a nomination for most exaggerated Lin best performance in a pre-show prayer circle was awarded to Meredith Moe who was surprised to also find herself a winner for most sexual tension produced in a pre-show massage circle meanwhile at the Technical High School Tony Awards the prestigious best lighting of a gym award was won by Wisconsin's Nathan Hale high school technical crew for their production of a turn for the nurse this is only the fifth year for the technical ceremony which was held in the parking lot and back of the theater so that attendees could smoke
while Congress debates how to provide health insurance for America's nine million uninsured children a surprising study released today finds the vast majority of children do not want health care joining us now is the study's director Gerald Fischer tell us about this study mr. Fischer we surveyed over 2000 children and found that across the board they were strongly opposed to doctors visits vaccination programs and essentially every health care service some politicians are saying government coverage should provide now we're seeing those survey results here you ask the simple question would you like to go to the doctor more the majority of respondents shrieked no right leave me alone don't make me go they were extremely passionate on the issue I see now why do you think they feel so strongly about this well it's clear these children are worried that increased government funding for health insurance is a slippery slope to socialize health care so you're saying this is a political issue for them and a moral one when we asked them if they see universal health care as an unfair burden to certain taxpayers and what they like a lollipop almost all children said yes really this obviously comes as a blow to politicians who've been calling for a universal child health care coverage no exact after the results of your studies the majority of senators are backing a bill that will cut all public funding for children's hospitals it would close approximately 9,000 of the outdated unwanted facilities now have you heard any response to this announcement from the children themselves absolutely the kids are thrilled Andrea there they're saying goodie I want to go home unplug me I want to go to Grandma's or the movies basically they'd rather be anywhere but in those hospitals and it looks like they're going to get their wish that's great to hear [Music]
in Washington today the US Supreme Court handed down a landmark decision despite the growing number of death row inmates who've been exonerated due to DNA evidence the Court reaffirmed the legality of the death penalty on the grounds that it is quote totally badass for more on the case we go live now to Onion News Network Washington correspondent Jane Carmichael hi Jane good to see you Michael how did the supreme court come to their decision on this ruling well Michael it began this morning when the lawyers for the petitioner presented to the court a videotaped lethal injection that showed an inmate writhing in pain before dying as the tape played Justice Kennedy said quote whoa Justice Alito remarked quote holy [ __ ] and Justice Ginsburg said quote that's wicked and what was the defense counsel's response to that well following the video Chief Justice John Roberts said while evidence presented to the court indicates a degree of FAL ability in the procedural methods of capital punishment it is the opinion of this court that the practice remains hella [ __ ] balls to the wall awesome at that point the decision seemed fairly certain was there any dissent to the opinion by the Chief Justice actually very little Justice Clarence Thomas supported the argument immediately citing the precedent set by the movie 300 in which the offending parties were quote kicked into a huge [ __ ] pit Justice Samuel Alito then stated yeah or like Judge Dredd Justice Antonin Scalia then stated quite loudly quote I am the law that's the catchphrase from the film Judge Dredd yes it is then they're followed approximately one minute of all of the justices individually claiming that they were the law the justices I'm told came down with a decision fairly quickly is that correct they certainly did the court also took the rather unusual step today of submitting not just a written decision but also drawings by all of the justices illustrating quote more badass punishments the final ruling was eight to one in favor of the respondent tell us about the lone dissenting vote sure that one came from Justice Anthony Kennedy he stated that the death penalty is in fact a too lenient a punishment and that sentencing inmates to life without parole see quote way more brutal because it's like they're on some sort of prison colony in the future where they just have to fight for the rest of their lives some Supreme Court experts are saying that today's ruling is similar to the 2005 ruling in torch insky versus Peterson that it is legal to carry a concealed weapon as long as the weapon is totally slick like a huge-ass machine gun that you carry under a trench coat like in the matrix is that right right that's correct legal experts are already talking about how this clearly marks the trend towards the Roberts Court being less strictly constitutional and more strictly Awesome Jane Carmichael reporting from the Supreme Court for us again thank you Jane thank you Michael Roomba has introduced a fully sentient vacuuming cyborg you
they don't make them like they used to well that old adage is being proved every day in Fredericksburg Virginia where a doctor has devoted an entire lifetime to helping others Brian Scott has a story this week Carl Wainwright will be 100 years old this can-do senior is still doing what he loves most performing life-saving surgery on the human brain asleep go through life as doing the things that you love to do dr. Wainwright is head of Neurosurgery it's st. Christopher's Hospital in East Fredericksburg Virginia that's a position he's held for over three-quarters of a century and Counting patients appreciate his expertise well a short time ago I discovered I had a brain tumor and I was devastated but we remember dr. Wayne Murray and he's been performing the surgery for years eight hundred to three thousand times he says dr. Wainwright earned his medical degree in 1930 modern neurosurgical techniques had yet to be invented I got this in France and 1941 lyosha stop right let's but even a career as distinguished as dr. Wainwright's has not been without setbacks in 1980 after treating stroke victims for nearly half a century dr. Wainwright suffered a stroke himself it erased five years of his memory that was the time I don't know but he hasn't let his personal challenges stop him from helping those in need I'm so happy that I chose dr. Rehn great because he really stole my bicycle who knows how many more years he'll serve the residents of this fortunate community but one thing's for sure dr. Wainwright shows no signs of stopping he'll role is although you feel for the Onion News Network I'm Brian Scott a heartwarming tale next up lumber has replaced children as America's most valuable resource
this week the New York Times will run the first in a six-part series examining America's overuse of Hannah Montana star Miley Cyrus most experts now agree that at current usage levels Miley Cyrus will be drained dry of entertainment value by 2013 joining us now is Miley researcher dr. Justin Canty from the Institute for sustainable Cyrus use dr. you say this is the worst entertainment crisis humanity has ever faced absolutely Miley is a potent entertainment resource but we are overusing her at unprecedented levels as she's on television albums toys clothing she has a sold-out live concert series if we don't act now the down-to-earth Miley who likes text-messaging with her friends and playing guitar in her bedroom will be wiped off the earth forever you point to the examples of Lindsay Lohan Britney Spears the Olsen twins they were bountiful entertainment resources that are overconsumption reduced to smoldering remnants but we are burning through Miley in a far more aggressive rate then what is the timeline here typically a teenage dark and if profits drilled from her for approximately six years before dropping down - is she - wild levels Miley was discovered only three years ago and already there's pregnancy rumors the photo scandal however though Disney says it has plans to pump songs and shows out of Miley for at least another three to five years before discarding what's left of her she won't last that long within two years she'll be little more than a withered desiccated husk incapable of causing anyone any amusement at all so what are the consequences if we don't cut back on our Miley use as Miley entertainment becomes more and more scarce the millions of families across the world that have grown dependent on it will begin to fight for it or hoard it society as we know it will fail the function government's will collapse humanity will be reduced to roving tribes of barbarians constantly searching and fighting and scouring the landscape for the last remaining Hannah Montana fashion doll or the best of both worlds CD incidentally that that is the future that's depicted on the cover of my new book a bleak prospect dr. Justin Canty of the Institute for sustainable Cyrus use thank you sir thank you coming up an earthquake wiped out at the sketchiest and today [Music]
the world is holding its breath tonight as the terrifying nuclear standoff between India and Pakistan enters its 11600 80th day we take you now to Onion News Network reporter dan Booker live on the india-pakistan border dan what is the scene like there Andrea not unlike the calm before the storm it is eerily quiet out here the tension is unbearable as it has been for several decades okay tell us what's been going on with the mediation attempt so far we understand East Pakistan has tried to intervene that's what our sources are telling us but unfortunately we received word that that effort failed when the nation became Bangladesh and what about the u.s. involvement both sides have been in touch with President Bush on the telephone they've also spoken with President Clinton Bush senior Reagan Carter Ford Nixon Johnson Kennedy Eisenhower and Truman no real progress has been made as of yet but we are still holding out hope okay if you are just joining us here is the summary of the events that have brought us to this point 280,000 320 hours ago Britain granted Pakistan and India independence 268 hours later a territory disagreement plunged the two nations into this volatile standoff that continues this hour Pakistan's prime ministers have so far refused to sign a nuclear disarmament treaty and the Indian prime ministers have said they are putting quote all options on the table dan how are the civilians they're coping with this crisis as it continues mostly by growing old and dying Andrea of course now Dan we know that you yourself were caught up in some of the violence earlier here was that shocking moment tensions are extremely high with India and Pakistan on the brink dan that had to be a terrifying experience have you recovered from those injuries yes indeed I was very lucky a paramedic happened to be nearby who treated me she later became my wife we now have two beautiful children dan if diplomacy does not work is there any other way that you see to resolve this conflict without violence yes there is one possibility here that people are holding out hope for since the fighting began the natural shifting of continental plates has separated India and Pakistan a hundredth of a centimeter so if a resolution is not reached within 800 billion years the border may separate ending this conflict without bloodshed okay Dan we'll all be watching to see if that happens [Music]
and in Rapid City South Dakota a west highland terrier has been barking continuously for six straight years today a small dog named Kathy was purchased by area electrician David Richards as a present for his daughter's 8th birthday baby just turned 14 six years she barked the whole first week and then that turned into a few months yeah she's still broken she's a super family pet neighbors confirm the dogs excitable nature she talks all the time she's got a lot she barks barks barks David Richards said the family has never considered giving the dog away I mean we couldn't put I mean in the end taffy is I'd like to kill it this marks the longest time the dog has barked continuously in Rapid City history surpassing the previous record of eight minutes and in science news today 78% of Americans are totally rude finds a new report from the National Institute of Tiffany McCloskey [Music]
researchers at the Domino's Pizza Institute announced yesterday that they are nearing completion of their 30-year study testing the limits of what human beings will eat people willingly ate everything our lab created in fact they pay money for it the results continue to surprise me over the course of the study Domino scientists have found that decreasing the nutritional value and increasing the visual repulsiveness of their pizzas only makes them more popular this applies to the crispy melt pizza it's basically one pizza inverted on top of another pizza it looks like something no animal should consume much less a human one recent creation is constructed out of a cardboard based crust layered in Oreo cookie crumbs and drizzled with a wax-like substance we hypothesize that the sight of it alone would repulse customers but it became one of the most popular items on the menu the Domino scientists now believe that a certain percentage of human beings may have a genetic predisposition to eat unhealthy foods made from other even unhealthier foods the Institute will next test human tolerance of the crispy nacho platter pizza the big New York hotdog pizza and the strawberries in cream milkshake dessert pizza the final stages of the study we plan to just top the pizzas with actual garbage but judging from our findings people will probably eat those too dr. Moore said he initially had moral issues with conducting the tests on humans but has since come to see the subjects as quote cheese and sauce consuming beasts in international news the equivalent of five Americans were killed in Afghanistan today [Music]
in medical news today an alarming new study finds the vast majority of those being treated for Alzheimer's do not in fact have the disease a survey simply asked do you have Alzheimer's the vast majority said no the findings were based on one-on-one interviews with nearly 800 so-called Alzheimer's patients researchers uncovered some tragic case histories one 88 year-old woman was being held for treatment even though she said her young children were at home with no one to care for them one man was late for a very important meeting with President Harry Truman and the nurses in the hospital would not let him leave to attend that meeting in response to the findings doctor Alcott recommends Alzheimer's patients across the country be released immediately just as he did at the facility where he conducted the study those patients are now free some for the first time in many years coming up next economic experts examine the no money no honey correlation
the Chinese government stepped forward today with a statement on the sickness that has hospitalized hundreds of citizens in recent days correcting a UN statement that had called the disease a highly contagious strain of avian flu Chinese officials identified it as Olympic fever on EP ghoshal Olympic fever is caused by the thrill of seeing the world's best athletes come together in one magical event there is no need for alarm officials said the disease is characterized by high fever large pus-filled blisters on the skin difficulty breathing and an overwhelming urge to cheer on the world's greatest athletes on the grandest stage of all while the illness may appear painful officials say Olympic fever is actually incredibly fun to contract yes teaming and writing and Happiness Zhang Lu who lives 30 miles from Beijing was the first person to be diagnosed with Olympic fever I have more Souls than anyone in my neighborhoods the doctors tell me I must love the Olympics the most this morning officials honored Zhang Liu by burning his home in a symbolic recreation of the Olympic torch the government has rewarded other patriotic citizens as well those showing the most advanced stages of Olympic fever are being systematically taken away at night to see a special sneak preview of the closing ceremonies maybe to go I wish I were there it looks like an awful lot of fun [Music]
and in Orange County this week California residents are once again participating in the annual tradition of being shocked as wildfires burn their mansions to the ground every year the ritual takes place here in the dry brush lands of Orange County where strong Santa Ana winds and warm weather combined to make a perfect place for wealthy residents like Hector and Marcia Gladwell to build and rebuild their homes ours went up quicker than anyone else's in the neighborhood is the best bearing we've had in 2006 my god probably yeah while each family observes the wildfires differently many spend time sorting through the charred remains of their possessions there's pretty much nothing like losing your house with everybody on the block that's right and this year we lost everything across the state thousands participate in the seasonal tradition from first aid workers setting up rescue centers to reporters who outdid themselves describing this year's fires and even more shocked and dramatic terms than last year's and at the State Capitol California government officials gathered to hear governor schwarzenegger recite the familiar wildfire season speech promising aid money to the disaster victims those trying to travel hit some snags of course as record numbers joined the yearly parade of drivers fleeing for their lives with this year's wildfires soon to be over residents of Orange County are already looking forward to next year we're gonna start rebuilding right away we already have a contractor lined up we're going to extend the Quarter Quell out into the hills so that the fog when the fires come in it'll grab that first and lead it right to the house with over 9,000 new housing units already under construction it promises to be one of the biggest yet
we've got good news I'm told from meteorologist Kevin Fischer in The Onion News Network Live 365 total weather coverage super Tower Kevin what's the update well as recently as last night we were predicting hurricane Isaac was on a collision course with the Texas coast here but we're now able to confirm it has changed its path and it slammed into this big landmass to the south of us that is an amazing development we've dodged a bullet here's we certainly have all these deadly winds and torrential rains we thought were going to be so devastating or actually hitting right above this hook shape area amazing I guess we can be thankful for that big buildup of dirt down there there at yeah this whole area here is basically serving as a kind of sandbar for American Reich Waller exactly if it wasn't there we'd be getting hit with one of the worst hurricanes of the past decade right here edible we're now predicting in the next couple of hours Isaac will head west and tear through this funnel looking part here with all these cities on it right the time it gets anywhere near us it's just gonna be a series of thunderstorm right that's quite a blessing yeah it's an amazing storm could have been quite a tragedy yeah Michael killer winds like these could have caused some major damage to those Texas calm yes and you just imagine how horrific it would have been had those winds hit Houston and what have been forecast the astro stadium getting ripped apart instead of that little Hut thing we see hairy stuff I understand FEMA had been preparing for a major emergency they had already trucked in tons of relief supplies food bottled water medical case you don't need them no we're not gonna need any of that now they can ship it all right back to DC thank goodness for that but not all good news Michael isaac is battering the coast quite hard in this area here which sadly is a known breeding ground for grouper and softshell crabs two delicious seafood delicacies so you may have to skip the crab cake appetizers at the deck party this weekend okay yeah sorry about that but the silver lining is Corpus Christi should be clear and warm and hey it's bikini season Oh meteorologist Kevin Fischer thank you very much for the good news turning to the campaign trail now John McCain courted black churchgoers with a large beautiful hat today [Music]
the some economists warn we could be facing a financial crisis even bigger than the mortgage fallout the collapse of the anti-bush merchandise economy according to Commerce Department figures almost a third of the u.s. GDP last year came from the sale of items like buck fish t-shirts and bushes among us joining us now from The Onion News Network smonny room is our economics expert Joshua Russell what's the situation here Joshua well pamela for the past eight years anti-bush merchandise has been the most stable sector of our economy but some analysts are predicting that the moment Bush leaves office demand for somewhere in Texas a village is missing it's idiot products is going to evaporate and the American economy is going to take a major hit no one wants a bush is not my president t-shirt if it's literally true that's right last quarter major anti-bush industry player CafePress derived 54% of its revenue from anti-bush t-shirts and baby bee 54 per 64 and companies like these believe me there are thousands of them we'll all go under there are whole towns built up around bush with Hitler mustache keychain factories and those communities will be devastated so unemployment will rise across the board Pamela everyone from the design firms who creates most Bush stress balls to the legions of truckers who haul them across the country to Spencer's gift cashiers or sell them unemployment rates could jump as much as 11 even 12 percent 12 percent that's massive yes and the picture gets even more grim when you look at some of the related industries there's the anti Cheney merchandise a surprisingly large anti-bush Supreme Court justice appointee and anti Jenna Bush Mart definitely a large all included these industries make up around 40 percent of the American economy so a collapse could completely devastate the nation it could and it will but isn't it likely that Bush will continue to make gaps after he leaves office in all likelihood yes but while making fun of the president now has the appearance of speaking truth to power doing it after he's left office just seems like harassment of a retired old man so I don't think there'll be much to miss there anything else that can be done we need to develop totally new products for marginally politically active liberals to throw their money away like a fad diet a new series of Buddhist inspired self-help books a new exercise trend absolutely good advice ok joshua Russell thanks for your expertise Thank You Pamela you're welcome and coming up computer giant Dell introduced hungry-man mega chip today why are things continuing to finance loans to these anti-bush startups this is just last week the Blackstone Group paid six million dollars to a company that makes ticket to push pin cushions why would they do that because they assume the new pin cushion will be as big a cash cow I say push making stupid face next to monkey making similar face mouse pad
in what international observers are calling an impressive display of progress China successfully launched its first willing manned mission into space today while more than 50 Chinese astronauts have been launched into orbit since the inception of their space program in 1956 former truck driver Zhang Tong was the first to go without being forced I have committed no crime nor have I insulted any party major I knowingly volunteered I wanted school speaking from the site of the launch China's national space directors son Lian called the mission a historic step forward for the nation this is a testament to the progress of the Chinese people Johnson today we send a man into space fully conscious and without shackles China's first man mission to space occurred when political prisoner Yang Liwei was knocked unconscious in his cell and awoke to find himself in orbit the second flight was crewed by two journalists and two college professors Chinese officials say the willing man flight is due to improvements in their space program which now includes food and helmets for their astronauts a crowd of 2,000 citizens gathered to watch the historic liftoff many of whom were only mildly coerced into cheering they didn't need to use a cat dog to get him into a space canary for once soldiers came and took away my father to be an astronaut they said they would burn our house down if he did not go this is a much better way in order to fix any technical problems that may arise while in orbit Zhang Tong has been provided with a hammer and two nails we are putting a trust in Jung home pending the success of the mission we may even consider equipment of system that will make it possible for shuttles to return to Earth this base program was initially designed to rid the nation of dissidents but the program was reimagined as a scientific endeavor when it was discovered that beating people to death was far more cost-effective [Music]
in Modesto California today crowds turned out for the annual Modesto County ninja parade which once again passed through town entirely undetected this is our fourth straight year coming in we still never seen an engine according to an arrow scroll delivered straight into the heart of the city clerk this marked the 30th year that the Modesto area ninjas have stealthily celebrated their heritage it's amazing how the ninjas can sneak by undetected on us the kids love trying to be able to spot them and not being able to a record crowd of 3,000 people came out to not see the ninjas we were right where the ninjas probably were best part was probably when I found the candy in my pocket the ninjas must have came up behind me like really fast into all this candy despite its long tradition only once in 1984 was any evidence of the parade's presence captured on film and after the event attendees were informed that the theme of this year's parade had been shiritori Grohe kaga
the Northeast is being pummeled today by the first strike abut weather experts are saying could shape up to be the worst autumn on record for the latest on this extreme weather watch alert let's go to weather reporter Kevin Fischer in the Onion News Network live 365 total weather coverage Super Tower Kevin what are we seeing out there well Pamela this cool air is streaming down from the north pounding the entire eastern seaboard with severely moderate weather looks awful it is it's whipping up 12 to 15 mile an hour breezes sending temperatures plummeting down to as low as 48 degrees in some areas we're predicting up to two inches of dry leaves on most lawns by the end of the month which is going to make for some absolutely brutal raking conditions are you news viewers have been sending images of the leaf ball all day this clip comes to us from Greene farms Connecticut it looks extremely blustery thanks for venturing outside and submitting clips but of course safety is most important things are going to be dangerously crunchy out this sounds like it's going to be hazardous for drivers to absolutely dangerous conditions if you're behind the wheel you should expect higher than average levels of children playing touch football to stay alert for elevated squirrel activity in v city okay also be aware of the danger posed by orangey Rays of autumnal sunlight glinting off duck ponds they can momentarily blind Jeff initely some good advice but what else can viewers do to prepare to make it through this autumn okay well you're going to want to check that you've got a solid latch on your screen door so it doesn't lightly open and shut in the evening breeze okay check if your local government has an emergency hayride plan the device last but not least checking on elderly loved ones frequently to see if they've baked pies and need your assistance eating and of course right here in the Onion News Network is the best place people can turn to learn how to stay safe yeah that's right if you want yourself or your loved ones to make it through this devastating autumn weather experts highly suggest staying tuned to this channel and check our website frequently always great with the advice Kevin thanks for joining us well coming up next in Washington Senators are demanding to receive royalties each time a law they wrote is enforced you [Music]
this election year America's youth are getting more involved in politics than ever even if they're too young to vote Jean Ann Wharton takes us beyond the facts Emily Anderson is just eight years old but she's already taking part in the political process helping her favorite candidate Barack Obama McCain is a liar so buy my cookie without any help from her parents emily has raised enough money from selling cookies and lemonade to buy airtime for this political attack ad against John McCain John McCain says he believes in family values but evidence links him to several mistresses throughout his time in the Senate his wife stole prescription pills to support her drug habit John McCain philanderer thief lover Roth for America paid for by Emily Anderson Emily says the ad is her way of being a part of grown-up politics why did you decide to make this bad I want to tear down Senator McCain so he can't win I don't know where she gets it from because my husband and I were not really very political often working from the end of the school day until her 8:00 p.m. bedtime Emily designed the ad all by herself it's all part of this little girl's big plan to erode McCain's base of support by any means necessary John McCain is unfit to leave he should be put out to pasture so far the ad appears to be working in areas where it has run McCain's favorable ratings have dropped as much as five points you can make a life sound like the truth and he say over and over and over again the key is to control the public dialogue Emily's actions recently drew the ire of the McCain camp who called her tactics quote gutter politics despite the senators mean words Emily hasn't lost her focus did you know while he was a pow2 tried to commit suicide twice this man should not be President she's amazing we'll all of this work will have to wait until November to see but in the meantime Emily will keep on working to make sure people come to hate John McCain as much as she does from beyond the facts I'm Jean Ann Wharton I'm sure we'll be seeing horrible things from that little girl in the future moving on an endorsement from Rachael Ray proves frightening ly important for the Obama campaign [Music]
an update on the situation with the former first lady reporter Jack Bergin is live on the coast of Maine where Barbara Bush still remains stuck in the sand Jack what's the scene like their frustration is growing Brandon just down the coast from here rescuers have been working around the clock since Saturday trying to figure out a way to halt mrs. Bush out of the shallow sand without damaging her but up to this point very little progress has been made so the Coast Guard is now keeping reporters at a safe distance away even from where I'm standing I can still make out the former first ladies plaintive cries as she struggles in vain to free yourself that's terrible why is it taking so long for crews to free her mrs. Bush ran aground almost three days ago well according to the Coast Guard rescue efforts have been hampered by the weather as well as the former First Lady's uncooperative attitude mrs. Bush is clumsy thrashing his only wedged her even deeper into San Jose and she seems to be growing more upset by the minute we've heard reports that a member of the Coast Guard was injured can you give us an update on that I can a little bit earlier today mrs. Bush apparently became frightened and lashed out at a rescuer sending him flying about 25 feet Pease now being treated for a concussion and bite wounds that sounds dreadful but isn't there a way to subdue mrs. Bush rescue workers did try it earlier with some tranquilizer darts but they just weren't sharp enough to pierce her thick hide how much longer are they predicting that the operation will take you know it's really hard to say right now workers are just playing a waiting game once she becomes calm enough the Army Corps of Engineers plans to try to lift the former first lady out of the sand using the crane and winch you know what the president has not yet visited the scene of the rescue attempt but he made this statement earlier today she is unshakable she is unyielding she is unstoppable jack what's the best case you know sori something is happening at the shore I can just make out mrs. Bush's silhouette she appears to be lurching violently now our couch Lord is instructing us to clear the area this could signal that mrs. Bush has made it to solid ground under better we'll be back to you I'll have more I'm newly relocated take care of yourself and thank you very much we will continue to follow that story but first at a campaign rally in Ohio today John McCain courted asian-american voters with an elaborate dragon dance
The internet is buzzing about the ground breaking new YouTube contest calling for users to post a video that is good. Onion News Network Tech Trends reporter Jeff Tate has the story. Thanks Nicole. YouTube presented the challenge at a press conference earlier today. Make a video that is actually worth watching. The prize? $100,000. The only requirement for our winning video, is that it be somewhat watchable, or provide even a shred of enjoyment for people, other than those who made the video. Because the idea of making a good video is new to so many of its users, YouTube offered a list of suggestions including: have some reason for making a video other than, I own a camera. Make sure the subject of the video can be seen, and shoot the video while sober. Hundreds of YouTube users have posted videos stating their intention to enter the contest, including Tamela Clebert, of Grand Rapids, Michigan. When my dog farts, it's pretty funny. Maybe I'll just, try to catch him doing that and put lots of sound affects. The contest also inspired John Malcon, who has already posted dozens of poorly lit, pointless videos on the site. I never thought of making a good video. It's hard enough to remember to shout directly into the camera without worrying about what to say. YouTube says, the 10 person judging panel will be searching for a video that holds their attention, but not because it is so utterly mystifying they can't stop watching. When making their decision, judges will not consider ratings and comments from the public. We will not be affected by viewer consensus that the video is "Awesome LOL, the greatest ever". Or for that matter, that it "Totally gay. Sucks. You suck. Retarded. Fag." If and when a winning video was chosen, it will be placed in the new,  "Actually Good" tab on YouTube's website. For now, however, the section remains empty. There is a strong possibility that every entry will suck, certainly, to this point, all information has pointed to that. For the Onion News Network, I'm Jeff Tate. YouTube says, the contest has no deadline, a rule meant to encourage applicants to take the time to edit or revise their entry, rather than simply uploading their video to the site without watching it. Moving on now, a new study is asking, are teens becoming desensitized to the violence they commit?
in just a moment we'll be hearing a statement from the attractive girls union which is still refusing to enter talks with Mike Greenman from what's now the attractive girls union has declined to negotiate with mr. griemann or even smile back at him when he smiles at them in a bar let's go live to that press conference now girls union has resolved to continue ignoring my Greenman and remain firm on that stance until such a time as Mike starts dressing better or at least gets rid of that goatee although it is clear mike is very eager to come to the bargaining table with us at this juncture we cannot negotiate with an individual who stares it does for half an hour before coming over to tell us he likes our shoes and the stairs there awkwardly I will now take your questions how do you respond to the news pants Mike dreamin is wearing today we have not noticed them next-best joining us now for analysis is arbitration expert Nick golden ER ello branded bad news here for mr. griemann today yeah it's a real disappointment Mike has tried to initiate talks with the attractive girls union hundreds of times at uh bookstores bars the grocery store parties on the street at concerts and elevators once in a dentist office which was very awkward but in most cases like this he would have at least gotten a fake phone number by now but clearly these attractive girls are playing hardball so they're not giving him anything it seems they're not well there were reports last week mr. griemann was able to procure a brief parlay with one union member at a Starbucks now what was the result of that well mr. Greenman inquired if anyone was sharing her table and the the official whose sources say was quote hot enough to be a model responded that she was pretty sure someone was sitting there right she then went back to reading her book effectively shutting the door on negotiations so at least there's some dialogue there could you talk us through the deal that mr. griemann is offering the attractive girls union at this point well he's begun doing five to six push-ups per night and has announced plans to start jogging soon that's in addition to what he's offered since the beginning of this standoff namely being up for anything and a nice guy unlike most of the douchebags he attracted girls union repeatedly renews her contracts with what the Union still refuses to budge that's right if he were dealing with the slightly overweight frizzy-haired girls union or the insecure of boots over gene girls Union it would be enough sure but the attractive girls union is very powerful and they know they don't excuse my Nick the attractive girls union has just been asked to cite the specific of what they're demanding of Mike griemann before they'll talk with him but let's go to that now but not pretentious additionally he must guarantee conversation topics outside of video games his job at Barnes & Noble and the New York Giants which is the full extent of what he currently offers and he must also commit to a centurion laughing at his own jokes a hard bargain there mr. golden er what's your tape at this point these demands are gonna be impossible for Mike to meet he has a zero chance with the attractive girls Union barring some unforseen influx of money or if he joins a van huh do you have any idea how long this standoff could last well it's been going on before Mike's entire life at this point so there's really no reason to think it would change he [ __ ] up everything why does even try anymore well we'll all be watching to see what happens I have a two-part question yes when you saw this good dreaming in the bar last week and run use and you smiled and that would he wave you laughed for those both of him I'm sorry were you looking at him when you smiled I don't remember what were you smiling at someone else and laughed because he thought you were smiling at anyway I really don't remember in second part why would you smile at them once and then not even react the next time anyway okay I don't know what you think that it is that you're referring to I don't remember any other questions regarding my smile or way need to be directed towards my office
the White House this morning President Bush took part in a beloved Thanksgiving tradition the official pardoning of the National Thanksgiving turkey the lucky gobbler that received the part of this year was former White House aide scooter libby dressed head-to-toe in a turkey costume i really appreciate you coming to watch me give this bird a presidential pardon mr. Libby's federal prison sentence was commuted by President Bush last year the Thanksgiving pardon will officially save him from all charges of perjury and from being cooked for dinner President Bush himself selected the lucky turkey from a farm in Maryland earlier this week Libby joins the ranks of previously pardoned turkeys marshmallow flier stripes and freedom the lucky turkey will live out the rest of his days in New Haven Connecticut with his wife and three children Bush posed with the turkey for photos and after the ceremony both of them signed autographs members of the Washington DC Girl Scout Troop were allowed to pet the well-behaved guest of honor i catched his feathers take my hand after being asked repeatedly by the Girl Scouts the turkeys reluctantly flapped his majestic wings after the ceremony the turkey was driven away in a black Mercedes reportedly the president's dog Barney was less welcoming of the bird barking and chasing Libya around the Rose Garden before being removed from the ceremony moving on the rising price of snacks is leading to snack riots in developing countries
With Christmas almost here, aunts and step dads across the country are braving the crowds to get their hands on the must have gift for 2008. The Presto Electric Tea Kettle. After appearing at the top of Good Housekeeping's 2008 list of top 10 gifts for young people you barely know, the teapot has been nearly impossible to find due to demand from aunts and step dads, desperate to get the perfect gift for relatives they are hopelessly out of touch with. We can't even keep them on the shelves. They're selling faster than last year's purple fleece robe and the dog coin bank, that barks when you put coins in it. Stores nation wide report they are sold out of the kettle. In Akron, Ohio, hundreds of aunts and step dads lined up hours before this store opened, after word got out that it had received a new shipment of electric tea kettles.  Everyone needs a tea kettle when they're in college, which I think my nephew is. I wish I could see Becky's face when she opens this on Christmas morning, but I think she's going to be at her real dad's. Shoppers who were lucky enough to get the coveted item, are saying the trouble was well worth it. I think I did great. But Becky won't let me in her room so I hope she doesn't already have one of these. Stores are trying to pair the electric tea kettle with other gifts no one under 50 would want, like this selection of herbal teas, packed in a tin shaped like a cat. But the added stress of the holidays seems to be bringing out the worst in people as well. Earlier today, police were called to a Kansas City mall, after step dads began fighting over a store's last remaining Presto Tea Kettle. Police did not arrest the men, stating that "As estranged step dads hopelessly trying to attain the affection of children who do not and will not ever love them the men have suffered enough this holiday season". That seems like a perfect gift for my wife's kids. Coming up next - What's the true meaning of Christmas? Our Christmas panel dukes it out from the Christmas war room. We'll be right back. LA-Z-BOY CHIEF EXECUTIVE REPORTS RECLINE IN STOCK PRICES. . . . . . . . . . . . . Captions by www.SubPLY.com 
If you're one of the 80 million Americans that gets their news from cable, this next story may shock you. The watchdog group Fairness in Media release a report this week, accusing the weather channel of having a "clear and pronounced pro-weather bias." Joining us now live is the director of the Study, Debra Henley. Hello Michael. -Debra, good to have you with us. Your report condemns the weather channel For what you call, "One sided reporting." How do you back up that claim? -After watching hundreds of hours of programming, we concluded the weather channel  clearly and consistently over-reports weather related events at the expense of other topics. There are on average four thousand mentions of weather in a single news day. -Four thousand, it's an amazing statistic. Are other view points represented at all? -Barely. I mean, you'd think that absolutely nothing was going on the I-20 corridor, other than light showers and isolated T-storms. and even more insidious - they try to make programming look varied by covering things like flight delays and vacation destinations, but they always manage to bring it back to weather. Well let's see what you're talking about, here is the clip from the Weather Channel. -Great, ok. Look at this clip. We are going to dazzle everybody, it's Holidazzle Parade going on in Minneapolis, this is at Nicollet mall, and of course this location typically quite cold.. -Do you see this? -It does seem fairly blatant. Yes. I mean, if you look closely you'll see their news ticker is little more than the temperatures of various cities running 24 hours a day. -I have noticed that. They even use, do you see this, background images to subtly influence your beliefs about weather. So it's a problems not only with the stories themselves. Exactly Michael. And they use flashy graphics and smooth jazz to distract viewers from the unrelenting pro-weather agenda that they're constantly pushing. That's unbelievable. What's behind it all, though? Well what we discovered in our research is that there's an ancient cabal of powerful weather fanatics operating outside any government. Sometimes called "The Cloud Elders", sometimes called "The Night's Doppler". Pulling the strings, not just of the weather channel, but of the umbrella industry, the sunscreen industry, we have to fight back. Debra Henely of "Fairness in Media", thank you and good luck with getting your message heard. -Thanks, Michael. . . . . . . . . . . . . Captions by www.SubPLY.com 
foreign if you're just joining us we now continue our coverage of the search for Megan Richter the 19 year old Indiana University sophomore who went missing two days ago we go now to Alan Fisher live on the Indiana University campus Alan are there any new developments in this case Gina and I'm afraid not police are saying they still have no leads on what may have happened to Megan Richter was she abducted was she raped authorities are saying they still don't know thank you Alan the abduction and likely rape of Megan Richter has officials searching frantically for Clues as of yet we have no idea how terrible this story will turn out joining us live now are Megan's parents Marge and Leo Richter Megan certainly has a smile of an Angel the smile that may not be shining right now but the daughter so pretty one can't help but assume that she's being raped well we have full faith that she's going to come home and everybody's searching for her you know we we trust that yeah University officials are allowing our cameras into Megan's dorm room right now Alan have the police found any evidence of forced entry strangely no G-Man no broken windows of man might have climbed through no blood on the sheets or hair caught on the bed frame and this is particularly interesting there is no semen sprayed on the walls no fingernail scratch marks even if I'm wrong but this doesn't necessarily mean that there wasn't a rage Gina and I'm afraid not the authorities here have not confirmed that Megan was not taken to a remote strip of woods a dank basement where she was brutally viciously and repeatedly raped does anyone have any idea what might have happened to her genen for all we know she could be alive but barely she could be half conscious or drugged or permutilated body could be hidden by her attacker the worst case scenario remains that she is dead raped to death by her merciless assailant Marge and Leo this must be so pain full for you to see I don't believe that anything like that has happened of course of course perhaps she was merely wrapped in wrapped and tied up with duck thrown into a nearby lake would that give you comfort please bring my daughter back whatever it takes thank you for the details of her grisly murder and rape at the hands of a crazed psychopath may never come to light we'll keep you up to date on this horrifying case as the story unfolds
Onion News Network The tech world is buzzing over Apple's latest must-have gadget, the Mac Book Wheel. A revolutionary new laptop that does away with the keyboard. Tech Trends reporter, Jeff Tate has more. Thanks, Andrea. Say goodbye to the keyboard and hello to the future of laptop computers. With the MacBook Wheel, Apple has replaced the traditional keyboard with a sleek, touch sensitive click wheel. Apple CEO Steve Jobs introduced the product yesterday at the annual Mac Expo.  Senior product innovator, Brian Gilman, says the MacBook Wheel will make typing a thing of the past. At Apple, our philosophy is create products that are simple to use. And nothing's more simple than a single giant button. Gilman showed me how the revolutionary new computer works. Just open the Into Type Alphabet menu here. Scroll to the letter you need, see? and center click to select it. Then click again to capitalize and repeat this process for each new letter. It couldn't be simpler. -Oh. You can also let the predictive sentence technology complete the sentence for you. Gilman says the MacBook Wheel has also simplified the organization of files, so searching your hard drive will be a snap. Just press both sides of the wheel concurrently, center click, and there, you have an alphabetical listing of every file on your hard drive. Everything is just a few hundred clicks away. Apple is calling the MacBook Wheel the most intuitive product ever designed. Here at Apple we like to think that we're giving customers features they don't even realize they want yet. While the MacBook Wheel won't hit the shelves for another 3 to 15 months, many Apple users already have it on their wish list. I'll buy almost anything if it's shiny and made by Apple. Alex Zalban was one of the lucky few to get to try out a MacWheel and spent 45 minutes typing an email to his friend. I never really realized how much I hated keyboards until I saw this thing. I like how the Email automatically says, sent from a MacBook Wheel. That way people know you have one. With a price tag of just under $2,600 for the lowest end MacBook Wheel, it is an investment. But, the super thin laptop features numerous innovations like the new ultra-tin Hummingbird Battery, which can power the MacBook Wheel for a full 19 minutes, before needing to be recharged. And the computer is virtually unbreakable unless dropped or hit. But Apple isn't resting on its laurels. Brian Gilman said they are already hard at work at the next generation of the MacBook Wheel, which will be 4 ounces lighter, due to its lack of screen hard driver wheel. For the Onion News Network, I'm Jeff Tate. Thank you for that, Jeff.  It remains to be seen if the wheel will catch on in the business world, where people use computers for actual work, and not just dicking around. Moving on, police warn that the Sudoku killer will kill either 1,4 or 9 victims next. Mother at Fault For Stillborn Baby, Reports Recurring Nightmare . . . . . . . . . . . . Captions by www.SubPLY.com 
Devastating news out of White Plains New York today, a deadly explosion at a crowded gas station has destroyed at least 800 gallons of gasoline. Investigators believe a spark from a minivan's muffler ignited a pool of gasoline setting off the chain reaction that detonated the station's underground gas tanks. For more on this tragic loss of gasoline, we go now to Brett Altman, who's at the scene of today's explosion. Thanks Pamela. The people of this community are in shock, wondering how this senseless tragedy could have happened, how so much gas could have been taken from them. Moments ago I spoke with Mark Jordan, who witnessed the horrific scene. I looked up, I saw the explosion, I thought, oh my God, there's so much gas in there. They're gonna lose it all. I couldn't watch. I couldn't see all that gas go up like that. Other witnesses told me that the fire spread extremely fast engulfing nearby gas pumps, cannisters and cars which had sadly just been filled. Firefighters arrived within minutes, but there was little hope left for the gas. This is one of the toughest parts about being a firefighter. When we lose this much gasoline, it just really... It just really hits home. But the tragedy could have been much worse, if not for the quick thinking of gas station attendant Robert Earle, who rescued two free standing tanks from the flames. The van of kids went up in flames and then the next second I know all the gas is on fire. I didn't have time to think. I just knew I had to save that gas. Community members have already started this makeshift memorial to the gas that was lost. More photos and flowers are sure to be added once the scope of the tragedy becomes clear. Such a tragic loss of precious gasoline. Brett, let me ask you this, is there any hope that some of the gas may still be recovered? It doesn't look good, Pamela. Right now rescuers are doing their best to ring drops of gas from any clothing or bits of flesh they can find, but so far, they've only recovered 60 ounces of regular, and just 4 ounces of super plus unleaded. So sad, when you consider all the things that gas could have fueled. Absolutely, a bus, or a lawn mower. A number of people I talked to earlier said they plan to go home tonight, hug their cars and tell their gas tanks that they love them. How are the residents of White Plains coping with this tragedy? Well, they're finding comfort in each other, as well as faith. I spoke with someone who said that we shouldn't be sad, because that gas is in heaven now fueling the cars of the angels. Well, it's a hard day for all of us. Thank you Brett for that report. -Thank you Pamela. Well, coming up, is our failing public education system failing? Still ahead this hour: 'Hindsight Magazine' Names Steve Jobs Man of the Year Before Last  . . . . . . . . . . . . Captions by www.SubPLY.com 
If you have a daughter, it's likely you're familiar with Bratz, the must have doll for the under 10 set. But could these toys be promoting  an unhealthy body image among young girls, due to their unrealistically large heads? Here is Gene Ann Horton to take us beyond the facts. Beyond the Facts Since they were launched in 2001, Bratz dolls have been flying off the shelves. They're fun, they're fashionable and their heads are enormous. According to gender quality advocate, Melissa Waters, even though these dolls can't talk, they are sending young girls a message about their bodies. What girls are taking away from this, is that in order to be beautiful, you need to have a head that is twice the size of your torso. Melissa isn't alone in her concerns. Evan Grey gave her daughter, Shayla, her first Bratz for Christmas last year. Now she wishes she hadn't. I want to be a good parent, I want her to feel good about herself, about her head. I mean, we all want to be the woman with the head out to here, but at some point you have to say that you're ok with your little head, and be ok with having a nose. Shayla says nearly everyone her age owns a Bratz doll. So Shayla, tell me, what do you and your friends like about Bratz dolls? -Well, we think that they have really cool clothes and that they are pretty. And do you think you're as pretty as them? No, I don't. Because I have a really small head. The Bratz are depicted as having fun lives. Shopping, dancing and playing sports. But what isn't shown is how difficult it would be to do any of those things with an enormous cranium. If you make a Bratz doll human height, the circumference of her skull will be five and a half feet. She wouldn't be able to lift her head and the sheer weight of it would crush her spine, rendering this so-called "cool girl" bedridden for life. Waters' organization is spreading their message through school programs and in a national ad campaign. Their goal is to reach pre-teen girls now, and avoid dangerous consequences later. We really have to teach girls that any size head is beautiful. Otherwise they're going to be in a plastic surgeon's office at 23, asking for cranial implants or collagen injections in their scalps.  Regardless of Waters' warning, the demand for Bratz dolls continues to grow, along with parents' concerns. I've actually seen Shayla trying things. Just the other day I saw her hitting herself in the face with a book to try to get her head to swell. Am I going to walk into her room and find her with a hammer to her head? I just don't know any more. A doll shouldn't make a girl feel bad about herself. But for millions of girls like Shayla, that message isn't getting through. From Beyond the facts, I'm Gene Ann Horton. Thank you, Gene Ann, for that. Sad, how our society is so focused on the size of women's heads. In Business news, Lexus is recalling their top of the line LS 460 saying the car's air bags could deploy mid blow job. Obama to keep Bush on as national scapegoat . . . . . . . . . . . . Captions by www.SubPLY.com 
152 Languages 811 Countries 9 Billion Viewers NN International North Korea Superlative news out of Pyongyang Earlier today, space program director Pae Yong-Nam announced plans to bring the moon to North Korea by 2015. Since time immemorial man has longed to walk on the moon in Korea. At last, we will realize that dream. The Dear Leader Kim Jon II devised this great plan when the ghost of Eternal President Kim II Sung invited him tot he moon for a three-day vacation. He said, "Why not share the moon-joys with all our countrymen, as would a father with his children?" The moon has much to teach us. Listen closely as she whispers to you. The space agency will launch five rockets which will return to North Korea with the moon in tow. Experts say it will be the most auspicious even in the history of humankind. A force of one million men will anchor it to a resplendent pedestal modeled on the Dear Leader's perfect hand. The People's Great and Harmonious Moon Hand of Kim Jong II will be the largest moon-held pedestal ever constructed. Once the moon is secured, the space agency will remove the American flag currently defiling the moon. It will be replaced by a North Korean flag, a banner of Kim Jong II, and an orchestra playing themes from Oscar-winning movies 24 hours a day. We will study the moon once it is here. to learn the effects of moon possession on national glory. Public response to the plan has been uniform. The plan is perfect. We have already succeeded. It will be the greatest victory for North Korea since 1944, when Great Leader and Eternal President Kim II Sung swam to the bottom of the ocean on the back of a blue whale and killed the Giant Crab Spirit to save Korea from her typhoons, then resurfaced to defeat the Japanese army with his fists. Moving on, the American president revealed himself to be a serpent today. Still Ahead This Hour: Obama's job growth plan to include creation of 2.5 million new cabinet posts
Tech savvy consumers are lining up today to be the first to purchase Sony's brand new stupid piece of shit that doesn't do the goddamn thing it's f#*king supposed to. Onion News Network Tech Trends reporter, Jeff Tate has more. Thanks, Brandon. It's being called the biggest f#*king waste of your hard earned money to come along in years. Sony's new stupid box thing hit the shelves at crowded malls and overpriced electronic stores around the country today. It's got a whole bunch more memory and megapixels and what not, than any of the other TV shit that I already have. I can't wait to get home and spend my whole f#*king night trying to figure the goddamn thing out. If you can somehow claw and bit your way through the impossible to open packaging, this stupid piece of shit offers the wide variety of frustrating as hell functions. Including, flashing random f#*king words and numbers on its display screen. Not coming with the f#*king little do hickey thing it's supposed to. And being goddamned ass backward as f#*k. Sony spokesman Alan Compton said, the company designed this sucking, f#*king goddamn thing to make everyone in the modern home want to tear their f#*king eyeballs out. We listened hard to what our customers said they wanted the most out of their own home entertainment system. And then, we pumped out this impossible to use fucking piece of shit. Anyone mystified by the device's numerous, extraneous features, can scroll through the interactive help menu. A labyrinth themed maze of indecipherable topics of use to f#*king no one. We want people to be screaming in unison from houses across the country, work, work, you c#*k sucking piece of shit. What is wrong with you? Why can't you work like a normal machine? With a 100 million dollar nationwide campaign, to plaster irritating ass advertisements for the retarded hunk of garbage, every single goddamn place you look, Sony is expecting it to become the next f#*king gizmo you absolutely have to f#*king own if you don't want to feel like a toothless hillbilly living in some hillbilly shack somewhere. I love bullshit like this. Basically, I'll buy any goddamn thing that I see in an add. The f#*king piece of shit is available now. - Fuck. So, run out and pick one up, and invite all of your friends over to see if any of them can figure out this motherf#*king time vampire. - F#*k. Unless one of them is a rocket scientist, Sony pretty much guaran-f#*king-tees they'll have no chance. For the Onion New Network, I'm Jeff Tate. Thanks, Jeff. Sony says they plan to release an upgraded 800 GB version of this piece of shit by the end of the year. Just when you figured out the goddamn remote control for this one. It never ends, this shit. STILL AHEAD THIS HOUR McCain gearing up for 2012 funeral
The first ever prescription depressant hit the shelves today. Approved by the F.D.A. last month, Despondex is intended as a treatment for the approximately 20 million Americans who are insufferably cheery. Tests prove the drug is affective at reducing a range of symptoms, from squealing loudly when a friend calls, to use of the phrase "cool beans", and excessive hugging. Dr. Alman Wei calls the drug a huge step forward in the battle against exuberance. If you're in a good mood every so often, well, that's fine. That's normal. This is for those that have a persistent positive outlook on life. Eva Hendry of New Haven Connecticut began participating in a clinical trial of Despondex 6 weeks ago. I was always telling people how cute their outfits were, and bringing them little gifts. I'd beam at anyone who made eye contact with me. I didn't realize life didn't have to be like that. Eva said she never knew how her annoyingly chipper attitude was affecting those around her. Over and over again I'd ask Jeff to ride his bike down to the Botanical Garden with me. No matter how many times, he said no. And she was always smiling, but I didn't know what to do to help her. I used to think, why am I the only one trying to set up single friends with each other. And now I realize that I was sick. I needed treatment. Eva says the drug may have saved their marriage. Now Jeff and I can just waste a night sitting on the couch, watching a TV show neither of us enjoy, like a regular couple. Not everyone is convinced that Despondex is the cure all for perkiness, however. In this week's Time Magazine, Michael Pelosic of UCLA argues that many patients get similar results from natural remedies, something as simple as a diet of corn syrup and white bread, and a total lack of exercise. But Dr. Wei disagrees. We have to erase the stigma attached with getting chirpy people help, real medical help. I mean, do you know what it's like to be around these people? It's pretty f#*king annoying. Doctors estimate the new drug could reduce the number of costumed or themed parties in the U.S. by up to 40%. STILL AHEAD THIS HOUR Obama announces plan to weatherize nation's borders to cut energy costs
Timur has a troubled history but tonight it is a place of inspiration in progress for women a me V gamma seize control of the nation's capital today becoming East Timorese first-ever female dictator reporter mark Ward has the story it's been a long hard journey for a me be gamma but it was worth it after a bloody six day long coup a triumphant Gama declared herself president for life commander-in-chief of the armed forces and High Court Chief Justice today proving that a woman can rule with an iron fist just as well as any man for years we were terrified and oppressed by men it would be wonderful to now be terrified and oppressed by one of our own dr. sandra sue jonah the author of the book a meaty gamma a woman to fear says gamma success is a sign of the country's progress twenty or even ten years ago nobody could have even considered a woman would behead her political rivals in the town square it's a truly great day for women dr. sue Jonas says that in addition to a ruthless pursuit for ultimate power gamma has a feminine side even while leading a campaign of terror through the countryside rooting out intellectuals and killing religious leaders gamma made time to be a mother to her children it's this down-to-earth relatability that has made her an icon to many East to more women in Libya didn't just order her militia to destroy our crops she got right and now with the torch and she looked good doing it many expect that as a woman gamma will bring a more level-headed and sensitive approach to the massive slaughtering even members of the older generation like former cabinet member Yuriko Alkatiri have learned to look past gamma gender in respect her as a political force key thing some people had doubts but now they're all dead when she plunged a knife into my crying son's throat as I lay helplessly by I realized that she could do anything she's a real dynamo the size of gammas army is all we need as proof to know it's a woman's world now in East Timor we congratulate you president gamma from dealey I'm mark Ward for The Onion News Network thank you Mark that's one feisty lady when we come back gatorade scientists had discovered four new kinds of thirst [Music]
We've all heard that SPAM Email is difficult to block because so much of it comes from overseas. But according to a recent report, as much as 90% of SPAM may, in fact, come from a single country, the little known Eastern European nation, of Koy4goff, which has a "SPAM based economy". The State Department today announced plans for economic sanctions against Koy4goff to end the tide of SPAM. The sanctions would prohibit Koy4goff's main exports, cheap prescription pills, ring tones, penis enlargers, and free iPods from entering the U.S. as long as the SPAM continues. The Koy4goff government issued a strongly worded statement condemning the sanctions and this morning, at Affordable Paradise, Koy4goff's capital city, Prime Minister Justin Mike spoke out against the measure. America's not able to condemn our way of life and make ring ring go away. Add sizzle to your summer. The Koy4goffian people are decrying the sanctions, as well. George Clooney, a Koy4goff shop owner who makes his living giving away free money now, says, without SPAM he would have no means of advertising his service. How else can I let people know how to get $10,000 free just like by signing up for great offers on name brand products, deliver it with easy next day delivery? This is your last chance to order! If the sanctions are upheld, Clooney fears he may lose the business that has been in his family for three generations. My grandfather opened this store because he knew catwalk models love grand prizes at the pump, luxury timepieces best quality. And today, an Op-Ed in the Affordable Paradise Daily Deal read "I have a webcam and want to make friends with horny singles like me, but the U.S. government is telling me I can't. It is every person's right to get into bed with local singles and put your monster inside her." For now, Koy4goff can do nothing but wait and see how the U.S. will respond to their pleas. Just looking for something to do. It took me forever to find you. Wow! Add me to your MSN Mr. President, add me to your MSN. In the event of an economic crisis, Koy4goff's neighboring nation Popupistan has promised to send and aid shipment of 5,000 free X-boxes, a free credit report, and to help Koy4goff's citizens find their old classmates. Should Koy4goff ignore the sanctions and continue shipping products to America, the U.S. State Department will seek funding to construct a giant, national trash can off the coast of New York where all the SPAM can be dumped without even looking at it first. Moving on, Beyonce is slated to play Aretha Franklin, Grace Jones, and Nat King Cole, in this year's bio pics. Live cams, teen sluts want to talk to you. America XXX, stuff her with your jack hammer. Pussys and wet now America. My brother said fools because great down. Did not words foreside does light will. Here second long Indian five. Above, have three across, left work me. Seeking sex tonight? Meet local cheating wives. Cheating wives. Review site. Looking for sex, cheating wives. Adult dating. Married and lonely wives, join $1. CyberCheatingWives.com w-w-w. Caution: Work at home scamler, do not join any work at home program until you read this free warning. I created a financial empire. So, can you put your computer on autopilot? With online wealth generation...
In entertainment news today, another celebrity baby photo-op with a big price tag. Actress Jennifer Love Hewitt has reportedly paid Us Weekly magazine $2.2 million of her own money to have the tabloid publish the first ever photos of her new baby Jason. For the inside scoop let's go to Onion News Network Entertainment reporter Keri Lee who's in Hollywood. - Hi Michael. $2.2 million, Keri. That's a lot of money. Well, you know what Michael, Us Weekly really did not want these photos. I guess not. Apparently there was quite a scramble among the tabloids to not print them? - That's exactly right, Michael. OK! Magazine, In Touch, Star, insiders say they really didn't want to waste valuable page space on such an uninteresting celebrity, much less the baby I guess she had. Yeah, but when she's willing to pay such a huge amount to have them published, what do they do? - Top sources at Us Weekly say in addition to this money Hewitt also agreed to take all the pictures herself. So their photographers wouldn't have to waste time on such a pointless assignment. - Right. Hewitt also wrote the accompanying article herself and provided the ink used to print it. But what does Us Weekly get out of this? - Well they did a cost analysis that showed the amount Hewitt is paying them is higher that the amount they'll lose in newsstand sales when thousands of readers refuse to buy the issue after seeing her and her baby on the cover. Okay, so it's profitable. But this Hollywood trend of B and C-list celebrities going to any lengths to have the public pay attention to them, it seems to me it's just getting out of control. It really is an issue, just last month Kim Kardash almost ran a car full of paparazzi off the road, while chasing them in hopes that they would take photos of her. And we also heard about National Enquirer reporter - Right. who had to take out a restraining order against Tory Spelling to get her to stop hanging out around his house. Yes. And of course there was that paparazzi who punched Tara Reed in the face after she got too aggressive in harassing him to take photos of her. Yeah, we got to draw a line here. Okay, Keri Lee in Hollywood, thank you so much. - Thanks Michael. Coming up, the International Council of Landmines has warned all Africans to stop moving. STILL AHEAD THIS HOUR: U.S. DEPT. OF CHRONOLOGY ADMITS TO FUTURE MIX-UP LAST WEEK
The nation's leading manufacturer of ammunitions Steel Hawk Incorporated announced a massive recall today of jacketed hollow-point bullets which may not properly shred the internal organs of victims. When functioning normally the tip of a hollow-point bullet shatters into fragments then cuts a wide and jagged path through the tissue and bone of its target, but due to a factory error nearly 100,000 bullets with solid points were shipped to retail stores resulting in a greatly reduced capability to explode flesh. Steel Hawk CEO John Cullen announced the recall at a press conference this morning. At Steel Hawk nothing is more important to us than the complete satisfaction of our customers when they maim or kill. Some of these defective bullets can leave an exit wound as small as a plum. That is unacceptable. According to the information released by Steel Hawk the first notice about the defective bullets came from a man who shot and killed his brother during an altercation at a county fair and was disappointed that the victim's face remained quote more or less intact. Frank Ehrman was among the hundreds of other dissatisfied customers. You know you spend good money for a hollow point bullet you expect it to explode the head in a geyser of blood and brains. You know if I wanted to kill someone without destroying the body I'd use a hammer. To address complaints like these the company is also offering discount coupons for its newest product inferno bullets bullets which start a small fire inside of someone when you shoot them. We understand that when our customers shoot a man they want to see his liquified organs pour out of every hole in his body. Give us another chance we'll give you the lung-shreddingest bullet on the market. Still the effort might not be enough for many customers. Those people over at Steel Hawk ought to be shot in the face in front of their families. Many gun owners have said the recall has been so frustrating they will no longer use bullets returning to more low tech methods like beating victims with spiked clubs or dragging them behind their cars. Moving on Congress announced today the long debated Darfur aid package will be used for a Darfur memorial instead.
as you may know the entire Internet has crashed more now on our continuing coverage welcome back details are still emerging tonight about this evenings top story the government is still dealing with the repercussions of the fatal error message that appeared on millions of computer screens worldwide less than two hours ago just moments ago FBI officials announced that they had traced the crash of the Internet tonight to this man Eric Tipton of Wallingford Connecticut Tipton said he had more than 35 windows open on his computer at the time of the crash he had been downloading the Yo La Tengo discography from iTunes while streaming several YouTube videos listening to an NPR broadcast instant messaging his friends checking three email accounts talking on skype and playing online poker all while installing the latest version of Firefox and updating his system software when he opened a friend's myspace profile an animated gif of the peanuts character Linus dancing started to play along with a MIDI version of Justin Timberlake's sexy back authorities believe it put too much strain on the Internet causing the global shutdown Tipton defended himself in a letter he transmitted to us via an archaic telephone line based network of low quality printers he said the screen froze up and there was nothing I could do I tried to force quit all the open applications but nothing worked Tipton then pulled the computer power cord from the wall and Rhee plugged it in although the Internet did restart Tipton found that all data had been lost at an emergency press conference White House press secretary Tony Snow admitted that the government does not have a backup of the internet but had quote always meant to get around to making one snow added they are so mad at themselves right now perhaps even harder hit was America's blogging community trillions of pages of commentary and Diaries of daily minutia have been forever erased suddenly my life just seems so boring I feel like control off deleting myself Nigeria was the first nation to report a full economic collapse from the internet crash 94% of its gross national product came from internet ventures several American organizations have already stepped forward to provide aid during the crisis the TV network ABC has begun 24-hour broadcasting of America's Funniest Home Videos to fill the void left by YouTube and in major urban areas volunteers are handing out emergency diet tips celebrity gossip and humorous poems about office life a meeting between a coalition of Internet power players has been arranged for later tonight the group includes Steve Jobs Bill Gates and Craig of Craigslist when we return one man's heroics struggled to pick up the pieces and rebuild his Flickr albums
The scientific community is buzzing following the announcement that archaeologists in Argentina have uncovered the first complete skeleton of the world's oldest sexual predator. According to the team of archaeologists, the discovery of a full skeleton of Pervatasaurus Leroy, the first dinosaur species known to stalk another not for food, but for sexual satisfaction, could, "...shed light on any number of mysteries surrounding this ancient lecherous creature." Joining us now from Argentina is the lead paleontologist on the dig, Andrew Vaughn. - Hello. Dr. Vaughn, the pervatasaurus looks a bit like the Tyrannosaurus Rex. Are the two related? - Yes. They're both members of the Therepod sub order, but the pervatasaurus is smaller and much, much creepier. - Now, how did you and your team make this monumental discovery. - Oh, well, the skeleton was discovered in a dank, subterranean cave far away from any of the other dinosaur fossils we excavated. The large number of well preserved footprints suggests the pervatasaurus spent the majority of its time there in the cave, just pacing back and forth alone. So, it was basically a solitary creature. - Oh, for the most part, yes. The pervatasaurus seemed to only approach other dinosaurs when they were in large groups, which allowed the pervatasaurus to stealthily creep between their bodies and rub himself up against them. - It's incredible. All of my research indicates that it really liked mud and slick surfaces and would often submerge half of its body in mud, while groping its own genitals and mumbling to itself. Now, it was long thought, it was my understanding at least, that the pervatasaurus was a carnivore. - Oh that was a misconception. By studying the pervatasaurus fossilized feces, which we found neatly stacked in symmetrical piles in the cave, we discovered that the pervatasaurus was in fact a herbivore. So it was a scavenger of sorts then. - Oh yes. We have discovered drag marks near several caves indicating the pervatasaurus likely lured smaller dinosaurs back to its cave, but the lack of skeletons suggest the pervatasaurus didn't kill and eat them, but only watched them as it masturbated. Well, it's remarkable. Thanks for being with us, Dr. Vaughn. Congratulations on your find. - Thank you. Moving on, accusations of steroid use are calling into question the legitimacy of many of the world's greatest sports' bloopers. Still Ahead This Hour: Marlboro Charity Sponsors 0.3K Charity Walk
Business Week Magazine released its annual air travelers report this week with Prague's Franz Kafka International Airport ranking last in customer satisfaction due to long flight delays, poor service, and an overall oppressive, impersonal atmosphere. The report found the average delay at Franz Kafka International is 31 hours longer than the next worst airport. We spoke to several American travelers who reported spending weeks and in some cases, months, waiting for flights. I asked the ticket person what gate my flight was at and they said that the airline I was flying didn't exist. And everyone keeps calling me "S". The airport was also cited as difficult to navigate, with a list of complaints including curbside shuttle services which loop around the airport before depositing passengers back at their starting point, and extremely long corridors leading to dead ends. Gate B2 is next to gate B11. And gate B14 is in the F terminal. Business Week also rated Franz Kafka International among the worst airports in terms of customer service, calling the employees "completely indifferent to travelers needs". If there is a problem, fill out complaint form, and place it in an envelope addressed to the name of the hospital in which you were born. In response to the ranking, the airport added a public address system in an attempt to clear up any confusion. Departures arriving early and arrivals landing late may be canceled or delayed without the prior notice. The airport also created a toll-free customer service helpline. But when our reporters called the number this week, they found it connected them to a hat store in Stuttgart. Travelers also report being frustrated by the airport's unusual security procedure which includes a time consuming personal interview. A security guard asked me, for like 80 minutes, are you who you say you are? Are you who you say you are? And finally, he writes lyar on the back of my hand and lets me pass. Airport officials say the complaints are unfounded. You must understand, all problems are traveller's own. If you only made certain to properly follow proper protocols, no such problems would exist. Properly follow proper protocols. The nearby Dostoevsky Hotel also received low marks from the passengers. A large number of whom checked in due to a flight delay and ended up murdering another guest at the hotel. Coming up, a new medical report warns getting screened for cancer is a leading cause of finding out you have cancer. Still Ahead This Hour: Hostage Crisis Enters 14th Tedious Hour
The nation's leading manufacturer of ammunitions Steel Hawk Incorporated announced a massive recall today of jacketed hollow-point bullets which may not properly shred the internal organs of victims. When functioning normally the tip of a hollow-point bullet shatters into fragments then cuts a wide and jagged path through the tissue and bone of its target, but due to a factory error nearly 100,000 bullets with solid points were shipped to retail stores resulting in a greatly reduced capability to explode flesh. Steel Hawk CEO John Cullen announced the recall at a press conference this morning. At Steel Hawk nothing is more important to us than the complete satisfaction of our customers when they maim or kill. Some of these defective bullets can leave an exit wound as small as a plum. That is unacceptable. According to the information released by Steel Hawk the first notice about the defective bullets came from a man who shot and killed his brother during an altercation at a county fair and was disappointed that the victim's face remained quote more or less intact. Frank Ehrman was among the hundreds of other dissatisfied customers. You know you spend good money for a hollow point bullet you expect it to explode the head in a geyser of blood and brains. You know if I wanted to kill someone without destroying the body I'd use a hammer. To address complaints like these the company is also offering discount coupons for its newest product inferno bullets bullets which start a small fire inside of someone when you shoot them. We understand that when our customers shoot a man they want to see his liquified organs pour out of every hole in his body. Give us another chance we'll give you the lung-shreddingest bullet on the market. Still the effort might not be enough for many customers. Those people over at Steel Hawk ought to be shot in the face in front of their families. Many gun owners have said the recall has been so frustrating they will no longer use bullets returning to more low tech methods like beating victims with spiked clubs or dragging them behind their cars. Moving on Congress announced today the long debated Darfur aid package will be used for a Darfur memorial instead.
Video Game Fans are lining up today to be the first to purchase 'Close Range' The hotly anticipated video game, in which players repeatedly shoot people point blank in the face. Onion News Network Tech Trends Reporter, Jeff Tate, has more. Thanks Bobby. Close Range is already being hailed by critics as, 'the most important game of the year' The first person shooter creates an immersive, richly detailed world where players shoot people in the face with guns. Reviewers say it brings a new level of depth to gaming. Just like great Literature or Film transports you to different worlds, 'Close Range' transports you to a world where you fire bullets into an endless stream of faces. Fans say it's the game's well developed Characters and Storyline that make 'Close Range' so compelling. You just feel like you're inside this complex character, who's thrust into a world where he has to blow people's heads off. The plot follows A.J., a man with a mysterious past, who must explode hundreds of thousands of human faces, on a quest to save his kidnapped brother. Who are you? - Someone who can help. I know where your brother is. - Tell me. Look out! But Close Range's single player story is just the beginning. It's outstanding multi player mode offers unparalleled interactivity, by allowing players to blast each other's faces off. It's completely open ended. You can shoot someone in the ear, but you can also shoot them in the eye. With hundreds of hidden extras, like side missions, where players can take a break from shooting people in the face, to shoot animals in the face, 'Close Range' will keep players hooked for weeks. And with the sequel, 'Close Range 2: Chainsaw Dawn' continuing the epic story next fall, 'Close Range' fans have even more to look forward to. For the Onion News Network, I'm Jeff Tate. Thanks Jeff. When we come back: a new cure for crying children. Smothering.
If you haven't felt the pinch yet, you will soon. As of today, the average cost of a pack of cigarettes has gone up to 2 handjobs and a stick of beef jerky. For more, we're going on to Onion News Network Prison Economics Expert, Hal Rogen. Hal, I never thought I'd see the day when cigarettes cost more than one handjob. Why the sudden spike now? Well, most analysts are tracing it back to the brother's pop off at St. Quinton, Friday. The lock down that resulted there cut cigarette imports up to 66% across the West Coast System. That's a much steeper drop off than anyone saw it coming. Oh, you better believe it. But of course, we shouldn't discount the recent influx of punks at Chino. According to reports, more than 80% of these were official 'greeners', willing to give 2 handjobs and a stick of beef jerky for a pack of rollies. And their rejuberance is what's causing the increases we're seeing in so many other sectors today, from baby oil, to trazors, to chess sets, condoms, bars of soap. Yes, yes. Absolutely. Look, the prison economy runs on cigarettes. They're involved in every economic transaction at some stage. From contract killings, to naked woman picture acquisition. That's why we've got shampoo at 6 batteries. We've got tattoos at 50 commissary stamps. Slocks at a steak and a muff bag. - That's incredible. How nervous are investors at this point? Well, it's hard to tell since most of them have trained themselves, to never show fear. - Of course. But really, there were a lot of jitters across the market this morning, after reports came that the impending Chiva deal between Rico Perez and Bones Goreman was called off, after Pigeon told Hacks to put Bones on shit watch. Now, for what it's really like out there on the market, let's check in with major cigarette trader, Big Dap Ramirez. Big Dap, nice to see you again. - Thanks. It's real good to see you. What's happening Hal? How's it going Big Dap? Now, it's obviously a boom time time for cigarettes, right now. I'm getting a lot of handjobs. But with prices this high, analysis shows your gonna be seeing a drop off in real sales as soon as consumers turn to smoking grass *** Look, we've been through this before. The market teaches us not to panic. To follow anything in this game, is that a wife or girlfriend will pass off a few decks in a bone yard. Supply will normalize. And we'll see cigarettes returning to a single handjob or less. - Let's hope so. You say Dap, on the interim, what are investors, like yourself, supposed to do? All I can say is, monitor your assets carefully. This morning, I got stabbed with a sharpened toothbrush by this bitch Jango, who tried to crib my supply. I fucked him up bad in the library, but hey, that's the way the markets gonna be for awhile. It is. - Alright Big Dap, best of luck to you. We'll keep checking in on the story with Hal, throughout the day. Thanks Rick. Moving on to some happier news, in Atlanta today, two snitches were beaten to death.
A new report from the Department of Labor finds an increasing number of American workers are outsourcing their jobs. For more on this crucial issue, let's go to Joshua Russel in the Money Room. Thanks Brandon. For years, corporations have been outsourcing their labor to developing nations as a way to cut costs. But recently, many individual employees have been sending their own work overseas. I take the money that I would have spent on coffee and pay someone in India to do my job for me. It's allowed me to unleash my full potential. Philadelphia accountant, Donald Felton, outsources the majority of his daily workload to Jahanara Kashem, an accountant based in Bangalore, India. I give my assignments from my supervision and I send it off to Jahanara. Sometimes, I'll look at it when it's done, but usually, everything is right. Mr. Kashem says he's extremely happy with the .68 cents an hour Donald pays him. I am able to feed my family and Mr. Felton can devote more time to his fantasy football team. And Donald is just of the close to 700,000 workers, who have come to rely on overseas labor. I've gotten two raises since Jahanara started. He's really good at doing my work. But it's not just lower level employees who have embraced the trend. In Donald's firm, many senior level managers are now outsourcing their jobs as well. Workers representing the companies executive officers meet via conference call every Friday. (arguing in background, between Americans and their outsourced workers in India) Some overseas workers have done so well, they've been able to outsource their own outsourced work to those even poorer them themselves. I pay a starving man in Jakarta one handful of rice per day to fill out the expense reports that are send to me from the U.S. Analyst predict that if the trend continues, by 2025, the world's poorest man, Ahmed Khalili of Afghanistan, will be doing 83% of the globes work. It's a scenario that would suit Donald Felton just fine. I'm trying to get to a point where I can just lay in one place and not have to do anything ever. With the Onion News Network, I'm Joshua Russell. Thanks Joshua. Personal outsourcing is expected to grow as much as 20% over the next 5 years according to the Filipino team that completed the Department of Labor's report. Coming up next: A new study find the meth epidemic is hitting worthless Americans hardest.
We have breaking news that's sending shock waves through the international community. Ugandan Ambassador Kakini Mtambi has seized control of the United Nations and has declared himself Secretary General for life. Brett Altman is live on the scene. Brett, what is the situation like there? It's extremely tense Brandon. There's no telling what a madman like Mtambi will do. As Secretary General, he has the ability to do anything, from outline the U.N.'s year long goals to propose agenda items for consideration by the security council. I can't imagine what it must be like for those ambassadors inside, having no idea what this maniac will decide to place on the preliminary list of matters to be included in the provision dockets. It's terrifying- - Brett, Brett, we've just secured a cell phone video taken inside the U.N. United Nations, in accordance with article four, section 3A of the human charter, I hereby strongly encourage member nations to consider proposal 3A in U.N. resolution 10976, which outlines the five reasons member states should be overwrought by every whim. Well, he's obviously power man. - Chilling words, Brandon. But what's worse, Mtambi has also  submitted a formal request seeking authorization for military action against the U.S. and China. Now, the two nations have repeatedly vetoed them. - Well, thank God for that. But if Mtambi can convince the General Assembly to amend the U.N.'s charter and remove those two nations from the security council, those troops could be deployed within two to five years. Well, that's truly a frightening prospect. Is Mtombi untouchable? Well, almost. There's always a chance that Mtombi might abandon his post of Secretary General, if he finds a more powerful position, like being the mayor of a small town or coaching a little league team. Brett, I want to thank you very much.  I know it's very tense down there. Absolutely. Thank you. - When we come back, a new study finds that millions of Americans are still masturbating at an eighth grade level. Still Ahead: MANGA CONVENTION MARRED BY GIANT-RAPING-TENTACLE-MONSTER ATTACK
Turning to entertainment, Star Trek fans are decrying the latest film in the long running series, as a fun and watchable, action packed, thrill-ride. Yes, it was exciting. But where was the heavy-handed message about tolerance, where was the stiff acting? I mean it just didn't seem like a Star Trek movie to me. I'm just really, really, disappointed that this storyline made sense. If I wanted to see young, attractive people, doing cool exiting things I'd go watch sports. And, with us now to discuss the backlash is entertainment reporter Bree Lindsay. -- Hi Glen. Bree, is this Star Trek as riveting as the fans are complaining it is? Oh, Glen, early reviewers are calling it a delightful action-adventure movie, and a sure-fire hit. No wonder the fans feel betrayed here. Apparently there isn't even  one scene set at a long table in which interstellar diplomacy is debated in endless detail. Really? I understand fans were angry that the the Klingon's dialog was subtitled, because it allows the Klingon's to be understood by people who haven't studied the imaginary language for years. Yes, but most fans were more upset by the look of the movie. Heart-stopping chases, state-of-the-art CGI, and alien battle scenes that don't just look like two, out of shape guys, in bad make up fighting awkwardly. That's a real slap in the face for Trek fans. Right, yes. But I think that the bigger issue is that fans felt like Star Trek belonged to them, and now the studio has turned it into something that people will actually like. What about the casting of up-and-coming young actor Chris Pine as James T. Kirk, instead of the aging, bloated, William Shatner? Of course that announcement was a huge disappointment for fans, and Shatner, alike. A lot of the fans have been saying that this movie sullies the vision of someone called Gene Roddenberry. Yes, Gene Roddenberry was  the hack who created the Star Trek television show way back in the 40's or something. So, is Paramount doing anything to combat all this negative press Bree? Yes, they are. They announced the DVD release will feature a special cut, just for the Star Trek fans, with three hours of extra footage in which characters stand around debating the merits of saving the Andorian Ambassador from the surface of Calyx 4 until you just wish everyone was dead. Well, that should be some consolation. -- Thanks Bree. -- Thanks Glen. Earlier today, paramount released this statement to ease fans concerns, "We stand behind this film, and firmly believe that in a few years it will seem just as dated and cornball as previous Star Trek films." Moving on now, an elderly black woman is still following President Obama around and shedding a single tear whenever he does anything. Still Ahead: dozens of millionaires feared dead in Scandinavian ice hotel collapse.
We begin with up to the minute financial fallout shelter coverage of today's top story. The nation's girlfriends continue to press for an economic recovery plan they say could save the nation as much as $220 billion annually, if their boyfriends simply agree to move in with them. Prominent girlfriends from across the country testified before Congress earlier today. Our plan could dramatically cut expenditures for more than 1.2 million American couples, who basically live together anyway, if you look at how much time they spend with each other. There has been some criticism that you're pushing America's boyfriends, that it's not time for this type of situation. Congressman Ingersol, this is not even about wanting to live together, even though a lot of us have been together with our boyfriends from anywhere between a year and three years, and everyone who knows us says we're the perfect couple. In a recession, it just doesn't make any sense for two people who say they love each other, to pay separate rents. Joining us now live from Washington, is a spokeswoman for the nation's girlfriends, Kelly Ambrose. Welcome, Kelly.  - Hello Andrea. Now you and the other girlfriends have been very vocal about this plan in the past few days. Why the sudden push? Andrea, the slogan of our movement is, "It's Time". This plan just makes sense for us financially. But some boyfriends have said there are other ways to save money, like, not going out for expensive dinners and extraneous brunches. Or not taking that trip to Vermont to see the leaves change. Yes, but in our plan we don't have to make cuts. In fact, - I see. we could even use some of the money we save on sports things, or whatever boyfriends want. - But, isn't there a- And our plan will also encourage consumer spending, since having new apartments would spur an anticipated 45% increase in dinner parties, cocktail parties, maybe even a Halloween party with fun drinks that have Halloween related names. - Now, some boyfriends have been dragging their feet on this issue. - That's right. Do the nation's boyfriends want to sit there just watching our national debt grow and grow while their stupid roommate Chad hangs out in the living room playing video games 24 hours a day. - Sure. So the boyfriend can never watch a movie, even if his girlfriend brings over a DVD that she has rented. - OK, well we have a boyfriend representative Jake Larson, here with us to help provide another perspective on this issue. - Hi, Andrea. Thank you. Hi Kels. - Hi hunny. Now Jake, you're familiar with the girlfriends' plan, correct? Yes, I've been briefed on it several times, and it's our contention that things are fine. This doesn't have to be a big deal. But you have stated that the plan could "tie the nation's boyfriends into long-term living arrangements that could inhibit future independence." - Right. Inhibit, you mean like, smothering? Is that how you think of this plan? - No. No, I never used that word. - But you did imply it. It was in your tone Jake. - I... I... Look. I really don't want to argue about this. - OK, we're not arguing Jake, we're just talking. - Well, can we discuss this another time? Like, tomorrow. - Well, what's going to change between now and tomorrow? - Why would we talk about this tomorrow, we are already talking about this now. - Jake, if there's some reason you're opposed to this plan, you can say so and nobody will be mad. You know I just feel like it's too soon. - OK. - Fine. - Fine then. Thank you for being with us. - Thank you. Later in the hour, we'll talk to the nation's mothers about what this plan means for the possibility of them ever having grandchildren. Moving on, a study finds that most Americans' retirement plans consist of finding a briefcase of money. Will there be any provisions made for game days during football season? Yes, the girlfriends love football. And they can make snacks and dips and cookies for all the guys. It'll be fun. Now, some of this research dates back to August 2006. Why had you begun planning a move the very same year many of the girls met their boyfriends? That research was preliminary. It never hurts to be prepared. But what about when John moved in with Tara, and then she dumped him and he had to find a roommate on Craig's List? That was a highly unusual situation, congressman. Yes, Tara is my friend, but you know how she is. And what is this about a waffle maker? - Come on, representatives of Congress. It is vital that you do something to incentivize the boyfriends to see that this is right for the nation, because it is. And what if the nation's economy turns around? Would we then consider having two places again? Are you implying that the boyfriends would want to move out? Why would they want to do that when things are great and we are trying so hard to make them happy?
after years of delays construction of the 1776 foot freedom tower built on the ruins of the World Trade Center has finally begun joining us today are two of the project's most outspoken critics Becky dräger public liaison for the lower Manhattan Development Corporation and Omar al Farooq are represented for the al Qaeda terrorist organization you both seem to be expressing a sense of urgency for getting a project underway uh what's the reason behind that it's taken five years to lay a concrete base I think that really says it all yes we need a place to mourn and to reflect on the horrible tragedy of 9/11 yes but the important thing is that the construction proceeded quickly so that we have a large tower visible from many miles away and are you both happy with the design it's okay I'm happy that the subway system and transportation system is directly linked to it I think that will prove very helpful yes yeah it is convenient it's certainly the Lord shop spike has many possibilities our organization proposed a design that I think would have conjured up images of all that we've lost what you're building is hard to see you know let's say a rainy cloudy day we wanted more colors should the site be used commercially at all it's just time to get it completed for whatever function we use it certainly and big business is always going to lead the way this is a good place for them to gather a place where lots and lots of people all kinds of people although younger people or people in wheelchairs that cannot move quickly resident should have perhaps an office on the highest of floors you want really important people there so I say to them build it and go there and wait we need a place where all ages can gather and pay their respects and remember what it is that we've lost yes it is our goal to continue to make places where people can go and mourn the death of their loved ones well I want to thank you both for being here today coming up next we're going to be discussing worm farms
Gay marriage is still illegal in most states but could some homosexuals have found a way around the law? With us now is Missouri congressman Gerald Iscoe, co-author of HR-328, a bill that would close the so-called gay marriage loophole. - It's good to be here Theresa, thanks for having me. Hi congressman, you say that a quick, simple, gender re-assignment surgery is all it takes for gays to be married under current law. That's right Theresa. Right now anywhere across this country a homosexual can just waltz in to a hospital, have their genitals removed or augmented, and waltz out after just a few months of physical therapy, and then get married just like a heterosexual. Now, yesterday in Alabama Governor Robert Riley said that he would sign legislation requiring full-body physicals for all couples before they are married to verify that - quote - "Their parts are the real deal." I heard him say that, yes. And you know, the bible says very clearly that marriage is the union between a man and a woman, not a man and a man-woman, or a woman with a penis sewn in-between her legs. - That's right, but since the number of people getting this surgery is still fairly small That's only because the word hasn't spread yet, Theresa. Right now we're on the lookout to make sure lesbians and these gays don't get together and enact some sort of penis-vagina exchange program, there's no limit to what they'll do. So how would your bill actually put a stop to this? Well, first, we have to make the existing law clear. OK. - When the constitution was written they didn't know that there would be a machine some day that can just twist off your Johnson and make you a female just like that. And secondly, we'd suspend the medical licenses of surgeons that recruit gay clients, whether through ads in gay periodicals, or on gay busses. So, we need to draw a clear legal line here. - Absolutely we do, we need to put a mark on the men-women so that we can identify them. Your bill does propose getting this image tattooed on the arms of anyone who receives the surgery. - That's right, homosexuals will do anything to get this wedding certificate, and we've got to stop them. Or before we know it there will be stores where penises and breasts are sold like pencils. People trading vaginas in the classified ads, Rooms full of garish, half-human ghouls wearing skin-like masks. We're gonna have to leave it there, thank you&for being here with us congressman Iscoe. Thanks for having me on today. - Watch Raw Justice tonight for a related story on how gay men are killing straight women, assuming their identities and stealing their husbands. Coming up - an ordinary fat man eats an extraordinary number of hotdogs. Stay tuned.
With the national debt climbing to an estimated 11 trillion dollars the White House announced an emergency economic plan today, trading the national gold reserves for cash through precious metal buyers Cash4Gold.com. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner devised the measure after viewing this television commerical for the cash for gold program last week. I got 583 dollars from Cash4Gold.com. All I did was go look through my drawer-full of jewelry I never wear. At a press conference this morning Treasury spokesman Ronald Schuler outlined what he called a fast solution to the nation's money woes. As you know we have these very large debts and the fact is the gold reserves are just sitting there. Why not turn them into cash? This woman turned in her wedding ring from her first marriage and got money the next day. If it worked for her it can work for the United States. Joining us now is Deputy Treasury Secretary Edward Kuehnel, good to see you Mr. Kuehnel. -Hi Andrea, how are you? First how much does the federal government expect to receive in exchange for all the gold? Well our estimate is 200 billion dollars however the Cash4Gold website features a lot of testimonials from people whose gold was worth much more than they thought so there's a possibility that we'll get much more. Now lawmakers on both sides of the aisle expressed concerns about the plan today. Well we do understand, we do understand their reluctance but the fact is they want to keep the gold for sentimental reasons, or because they think it's pretty but that's a luxury we just can't afford right now. Ok what about Republican Minority Leader John Baynor's statement that the treasury department should have looked into competing cash companies like Dollars4Gold.com and GoldLine.com? Yes, yeah, I know, I've heard all of that. The reality is that we have over a trillion dollars in economic stimulus package to pay for... -Well we do. We just need that cash now, we can't wait. -Ok I see, but don't you... Look, look, I agree and the President agrees that this seems like a pretty good deal. But is there a contingency plan if that proves not to be the case? Well yes, of course there is. We can get the gold back with the Cash4Gold 12 day guarantee. -But what about the other... They're certified by the Jewelers Vigilance Committee, It says so right on the website. Ok I understand the cash received from the Cash4Gold.com plan is going to be supplemented by funding from the selling of White House furniture on Craigslist.org. That is correct. We've already sold a giant military map that we don't use very often and we sold a couch. We've made over 180 dollars from that economic plan so far. Well thanks for being with us in the Shelter Mr. Kuehnel. No thank you very much. -Moving on, residents of the Bronx are decrying the lack of gentrification in their neighborhood.
Welcome back to the Financial Fallout Shelter. As part of his plan to spur economic growth by increasing national productivity, President Obama began providing jobs performance reviews for every American citizen today. The president scheduled the one-on-one meetings to "take a problem solving approach to everyone's workplace behavior and identify some areas for improvement for every American." The president just wants to touch base with everyone to make sure the country's on task with regards to meeting the country's objectives. Onion News Network reporter Jane Carmichael joins us now from the Economic Quarantine Zone. Jane, now a lot of Americans are nervous about their meeting with the president. Can you give us a sense of how these reviews will work? - Sure. According to those who have had their reviews already, Obama relies heavily on the goals Americans listed for themselves on the self-evaluations the president sent to everyone last month. - Of course. We've been getting video responses on the Onion News Network You-Report Website all morning. He told me that I was a valued member of the country. And then he started talking about belt tightening and doing more with less. Yeah, the only part that threw me off was when he asked me how I thought he could improve. I'm not positive, but I think he might have fired me. He was really vague. Jane, what is the exact goal of these meetings? Because the American people are very busy as it is. Well, President Obama says he wants to help all Americans achieve. So, he's challenging us to visualize success. And then he told a long story about a woman who ran a marathon with prosthetic legs. Now, Obama's ideas for increasing the nation's productivity extend past the interviews though. - Yes. For one, he keeps insisting that the nation starts using Google Docs? Yes, he says it will really streamline everything. OK, and most of us are aware of his initiative to put giant, inspirational posters up around the country. The first one went up on the Rocky Mountain Range earlier this week, Jane. And it's just beautiful. But not everything is going so smoothly. The big, mandatory team building retreat plan for next weekend is facing difficulties. Obama wanted to do a ropes course, but it's proving harder than expected to find one which can accommodate 140 million people. Well Jane, keep us updated on that weekend. - Thanks Andrea. Most Americans say, Obama was friendly, but they prefer the old president because he "never gave a shit what we did". Still Ahead: CHUCK E. CHEESE MOVES TO TIE TOKENS TO THE EURO
FINANCIAL FALLOUT SHELTER Welcome back to the Financial Fallout Shelter, with the national debt now more than ten trillion dollars. The White House today enacted an emergency plan to eliminate all of the United State's financial obligations to foreign nations by faking a violent coup of the American government. The coup is expected to take much of the strain off of America's real economy, providing the global community does not discover the rules. The fake coup began at 10am today, when fake rebel leader Octavius Del Monte stormed congress and pretended to kill several congressmen. Hear my words China, Japan, and the United Arab Emirates. The United States of America and all its vast debt, no longer exists. Henceforth, this land will be called Octavia. Do not even try to collect funds owed. The militants brandished plastic guns and wore costumes, lawmakers stayed up late last night making themselves. I believe you have the wrong room, sir. Ooh! Oh! - What is the meaning of this? Be quiet, woman! After a five-minute mock battle, Congress and the President ceded control of the nation to Octavius, who is believed to be played by Deputy Secretary of Agriculture, Charles Connor. You know how when someone dies and all their debts go away, and no one has to pay them? Well, this is like that, except with countries. The Countries' creditors will be told the paper containing the country's debts was destroyed in the scuffle. Someone save the record of our debts! Congress will also use computer graphics to simulate some of the fake coup's more complicated details, such as the explosion that blows-up the treasury building. Representatives on both sides of the isle said the plan was the best option left for lowering our debt after ideas like burning down the country for the insurance money and disguising the nation as Canada were deemed infeasible. The White House is also asking all American citizens to call their friends in other countries to complain about the new dictatorship. And in accordance with pretending to comply with Octavius' media control policy, this network will now be broadcasting Octavia's National Anthem for three hours every day. Thank you for watching and god bless Octavia. STILL AHEAD: OCTAVIA ANNOUNCES PLANS TO APPLY FOR CREDIT REPORT
Concerned about your privacy while using Google? The internet giant says it understands. Google is now offering users a chance to opt out, and live in privacy  in a remote mountain village. Tech Trends reporter Jeff Tate has more. Thanks Theresa. They call it the 'Opt Out Village'. And it's just what you would expect from Google. If you want to keep your information private, all you have to do is move to our 22-acre Opt-Out village and not speak to anyone from the outside world. It's very simple. Just go to the Google front page, click the Opt-Out button. And in minutes, a van will come to your house and pick you up. That same day a team of Google privacy experts eliminates your home address, guaranteeing it will no longer appear on Google local pages. And, after just 2 days in the back of a van, you're there. In the village, we can guarantee that there is no chance of Google reading your emails because there are no computers. And, because they are also monitored and tracked by Google, there are no banks, or hospitals. Residents will be expected to know how to grow food suture wounds, and bury corpses by hand, if they plan to opt out. And Google has gone the extra mile to ensure that users who choose to opt out are given complete privacy in their new home. A 30-foot tall, 10-foot thick, physical data security wall keeps all former Google users from leaving the village until they decide they want to start using Google again. The Opt-Out village can't even be seen by Google satellites, because the entire town is enclosed with a large metal box with no openings. Google says those wishing to opt back in to using Google after their time in the village, will be allowed to do so if they agree to be branded with a whimsical 'G' on their foreheads to label them doubters. If you don't want to give us complete access to your most private thoughts and feelings, that's fine. Ah, you can just toy on the hinterlands, and die young. And Carter says the Opt-Out village is already getting rave reviews. One of the first village residents sent this letter praising the total privacy inside the village, saying "all alone, no light, hard to breathe". Now that's one man whose data is secure. For the Onion News Network, I'm Jeff Tate. Thanks Jeff. If you have any questions about the Opt-Out village, type them in an email to a friend and Google will get back to you within 24 hours. And in just a minute, is your child missing out on teen-sex parties?
A women's rights group demonstrated outside the headquarters of 'People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals' today, protesting the group's 'degrading and exploitative treatment of women'. PETA has come under increasing critisicm for its ongoing ad campaign featuring nude or semi-nude women in sexually provocative positions, promoting veganism or opposing the fur industry. They make women strip down, put vegetables over the genitals, and subject them to hours of photoshoot. No living creature should be treated like that! Joining us now is Marcia Asley, director of 'women deserve better'. Miss Asley, you call PETA's treatment of women cruel and inhumane. Yes, I do. Each year hundreds of women are forced by PETA into the most horrifyingly degrading acts you can imagine. Holding live animals against their naked bodies or being shackled and put in cages while photographers snap pictures of them. It's horrible. -You're especially critical of PETA's live protest. -Yes, I am. We're seeing some footage of those here. -Look at these poor women. They're made to stand outside all day in the wind.. - Unbelievable. Wearing nothing but lettuce leaves.. -Yes. -Or wear a grey bikini, and pretend to be a mouse stuck in a glue trap.. -Oh, look at that! Just so PETA can get coverage on the local news. Now, let me just play devil's advocate here for a minute. -Sure. Is it really worth it to spend so much time protecting these, basically, clueless women. They might not even comprehend what's happening to them. Well, Brandon, once you see the turture a PETA volunteer lives with every day, how can you not help them? Some are fed nothing but lentils and 'not dogs', before performing on the Howard Stern show -Oh my god. Coached to talk about how vegans' vaginas taste better than meat eaters'. Well, we're looking at some undercover footage that your group has shot. Yes, we snuck a camera into a PETA office, and saw proof of an upcoming ad campaign.. -Unbelievable. ..that was so sexist and shallow, it's hard to believe it could happen in a civilized nation. But we're not just making a point, we're also taking action. Well, that's important. -We're starting a new program this month, to rush PETA protests, recapture abused women, and take them to a farm where they can live out their life in peace. Well, good luck with your cause, miss Asley. I appreciate that, thank you for having me. PETA released this statement in response: We have no intention of changing our tactics, until every last animal on the planet is given more respect than women. Now, when we return, the Onion news network welcomes Maurice Sendak as our new courtroom artist.
Welcome back, our top story today, the shocking announcement from the White House, that president Barak Obama suffers from bipolar disorder. Bipolar disorder is something the president has struggled with for most of his life. After a three year long manic period of extreme positivity and productivity, has now entered a deep depression. - Jane Kalmicheal is live in Washington, and we also have Onion News Network, medical expert Doctor Simon Campbell. Hello Glenn. - Hello. Doctor Campbell, this has taken a lot of people by surprise this morning. It has, Glenn, but if you look back at Obama during his campaign, and his six months in office, you see classic manic behavior. The extreme self confidence, the euforic, inexplicable sense of hope. He'd babble incoherently for hours about change, and the fundemental goodness, of the American people. Yes. In addition he was known for frquently sending out rambling e-mails, with subject lines like 'I am so excited', 'major announcement', and 'will you join me'. This is not the behavior of a sain person. Now of course the president's behavior has changed dramatically. In fact we have a copy of the budget that he presented to congress yesterday, which was not well received as we all know. And last week he proposed a health care plan, that was nothing more than 'If you need a doctor, go see a doctor'. Yes, when asked at a press conference if he was going to further increase the national debt, Obama replied, 'why would you ask that' and silently gripped his forehead. Exactly, you can see it even in his handwriting. Here's his memo book from his manic phase, and from his depressive stage. And sourcers tell us that today advisors could barely convince him to pose for his official White House portrait. All he had to do was sit there. And he's deshevled, he's argumentative, he walks around unshaven in an old stained bathrobe. Yes, apparently the president has been spending every night on the couch, in the oval office, watching re-runs of NYPD blue, until he falls asleep around four am. He doesn't leave the room for days at a time, and reportedly it is just filthy. Alright, we're going to have more on this. For now, thank you both very much. Pleasure. - Thank you Glenn. White House officials say vice president Joe Byden may step in to fill the duties of the presidency, however that may cause further problems still, due to My Byden's very public on going struggle with Aspergers syndrome. Moving on now, a record marijuana bust, turned out to be mostly shwag. Now the White House spokesman touched briefly on the length of Obama's latest depressive episode. Let's take a look at that. In between his time as a community organiser, and taking the national stages of senator, there was a period of about three years where the president was deeply depressed, unemployed, and mainly just spent his days sitting in his pyjama's, playing solitaire on his computer.
If you're just joining us, we are continuing our coverage of the ominous music that is sending panic across the nation. The suspenseful music was first heard throughout the country at 3:10 Eastern Standard Time this afternoon sending citizens and government officials on high alert. Something really bad is going to happen, I can just feel it. We go now live to Washington correspondent Jane Carmichael with an update. Hi Andrea. -Jane do we have any more information on the source of this music? Well Andrea the AP is reporting the ominous music is being caused by an intrepid young journalist who is currently rifling through a classified government dossier. -Okay, I see. But moments ago the New York Times' website posted a story claiming that the music may be linked to a group of wealthy, recent high school graduates speeding along a winding road in a red convertible, screaming and laughing with the hubris of youth. -Okay. -At this point we just don't know. Okay now we've been informed that police nationwide are on the lookout for attractive teen girls wandering by themselves. -Yes, yes they are and experts say their chances of being hacked to pieces by a knife-wielding maniac have increased over 600% since the music began. I'm sorry Jane, I'm just getting word that we've got some footage of that now. I think it's just Joey doing this, he must be playing a prank. Come one Joey, knock it off! It's not funny Joey! Come on, stop! Interesting lead there, but Jane is the telephone watch still in effect? Yes absolutely. Officials are saying not to let your phone ring suspensefully two or three times because the call will likely be completely harmless, a neighbor or a friend but be very careful after you hang up. When you're standing there relieved, that is when the horrible event is most likely to occur. -Okay. FEMA is attempting to bring an end to the music using a variety of strategic phrases but so far it's been unsuccessful. Let's go now live to Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Come on, it'll be fun. Wait for me guys. What's that shadow in the water? If that wasn't you, and that wasn't me, then what was it? Watch how a real man does it. No developments there as of yet, now Jane I understand President Obama has been taken to an undisclosed location, can you confirm that Jane? Well you know Andrea, there is no authoritative word but apparently the White House... Oh my God! Oh my God! Jane? Jane? Okay, we seem to have lost that signal but we'll bring you more information as soon as possible. Moving on, a new erectile dysfunction drug that works by chemically lowering a woman's expectations.
Today marks the eighth anniversary of the September 11th terrorist attacks on this country. Across the nation millions of Americans are showing their respect for the somber occasion by reminding themselves not to masturbate. It's a serious day, and it's in really bad taste to masturbate today. It's hard to go a whole day without jerkin' off even once, but it's the respectful and patriotic thing to do. At ceremonies across the nation thousands gathered to light candles, give prayers, and silently remind themselves that it would be wrong to touch themselves sexually when they get home. The solemn gathering gave those who attended a chance to reflect on where they were eight years ago today. A day that will be marked forever after as a day that will feel weird to masturbate on. I was watching television while masturbating, and they started showing the footage of the Towers, and I knew it wasn't right to finish up. Media outlets are doing their part to help the American public not feel like masturbating by printing and broadcasting hundreds of images of weeping Americans, and many pornographic websites took down their content for 24 hours. But for some, especially those who are younger, the passing of 9/11 is becoming a less meaningful occasion. I know that I probably shouldn't masturbate today, but I don't know, should I not masturbate on Pearl Harbor Day too? There's literally nothing in this world that will keep me from masturbating. While today is somber, many are looking forward to tomorrow, 9/12, so called "Masturbation Day" in America, where everyone is going to masturbate twice as much to make up for the previous day. Moving on, Congress is holding hearings to appoint a new cast member to The View this week.
